,ID,Date,Company,Title,Experience,Location,Link,JD
0,1,2023-04-22,Marwood International Inc.,IT Technician,Entry level,"Tillsonburg, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/it-technician-at-marwood-international-inc-3576896581?refId=d2I5cb7MzgwLCZ9dqezP3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=DU5BfydsQGw8gITRvcSSvA%3D%3D&position=1&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Location: Tillsonburg, ON  Why Join Marwood?  Who We Are  Marwood International Inc. is a full service, award-winning, Tier I and 2 automotive OEM structural components and modular assembly supplier, that focuses on waste elimination and light-weighting initiatives from prototypes to full volume products to end of life service parts throughout Canada, US and Japan. Marwood is also a well-established Canadian owned manufacturing company which have been in the industry for 30+ years! We are community oriented, and focused on health and wellness.  We are happy to have you join our team!  We Offer  Competitive Pay plus premiums GREAT benefits and Perks: dental, medical and vision coverage, as well as outstanding pension plan and more Also, company provided uniforms!  Apply today to speak with our recruiter!  We are looking for a qualified IT Technician that will install and maintain computer systems and networks aiming for the highest functionality. You will also ""train"" users of the systems to make appropriate and safe usage of the IT infrastructure.  A successful IT Technician must have a thorough knowledge of computer software and hardware and a variety of internet applications, networks and operating systems. The ideal candidate will also have great troubleshooting abilities and attention to detail.  The goal is to build and maintain updated and efficient computer systems and networks to optimize the role of technology on business sustainability.  Responsibilities  Set up workstations with computers and necessary peripheral devices (routers, printers etc.) Check computer hardware (HDD, mouses, keyboards etc.) to ensure functionality Install and configure appropriate software and functions according to specifications Develop and maintain local networks in ways that optimize performance Ensure security and privacy of networks and computer systems Provide orientation and guidance to users on how to operate new software and computer equipment Organize and schedule upgrades and maintenance without deterring others from completing their work Perform troubleshooting to diagnose and resolve problems (repair or replace parts, debugging etc.) Maintain records/logs of repairs and fixes and maintenance schedule Identify computer or network equipment shortages and place orders  Key Requirements  Proven experience as IT Technician or relevant position Excellent diagnostic and problem solving skills Excellent communication ability Outstanding organizational and time-management skills In depth understanding of diverse computer systems and networks Good knowledge of internet security and data privacy principles Certifications CompTIA A+ and Network+  We are committed to giving people with disabilities an equal opportunity to provide feedback, and access any information they may need. Please advise if you require accommodation.  We would like to thank all candidates for expressing interest however, only those selected for interviews will be contacted. Pre-employment screening will be required.  For more information, please visit our website: www.marwoodinternational.com"
1,2,2023-04-28,Norfolk County,"Junior Planner, Planner or Senior Planner (CUPE 21.23 and CUPE 54.23) (PFT) (2)",Associate,"Simcoe, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/junior-planner-planner-or-senior-planner-cupe-21-23-and-cupe-54-23-pft-2-at-norfolk-county-3591996430?refId=d2I5cb7MzgwLCZ9dqezP3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=MfbYLSD1mw0wyHvgkcK0Qw%3D%3D&position=2&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"JUNIOR PLANNER  Basic Function:  To provide professional planning analysis and advice on land use planning matters having regard to the Planning Act, and other related Legislation, Regulations, Policy and planning principles.  Position Description: Provide planning services, primarily related to the processing of development applications including helping to deliver on all facets of a variety of planning applications from land use amendments, site plans and draft plans of subdivision. Assist in implementing reviews of key development application processes and planning services to ensure Norfolk is at the forefront of new techniques to engage the community and deliver results for stakeholders. Review new applications to deem complete and commence review process including the evaluation of development proposals through the use of professional judgment ensuring compliance with the requirements of affected agencies, planning principles and the interpretation of Provincial, County and other relevant land use policy and regulations. Responsible for responding to general inquiries related to land use planning matters. Working with Service Norfolk to find process efficiencies. Maintain and foster corporate goals by ensuring public access to and participation in the planning process. Provide analysis and recommendations on planning applications including, committee of adjustment related applications including consent to severance and minor variance applications. To prepare recommendation reports and related documents such as by-laws or conditions related to report recommendations. Site inspections in relation to planning applications. To undertake special projects and other duties as assigned.  PLANNER  Basic Function:  To provide professional planning analysis and advice on land use planning matters having regard to the Planning Act, and other related Legislation, Regulations, Policy and planning principles.  Position Description: Provide planning services, primarily related special projects and to the processing of development applications. Evaluate development proposals through the use of professional judgment ensuring compliance with the requirements of affected agencies, planning principles and the interpretation of Provincial, County and other relevant land use policy and regulations. Maintain and foster corporate goals by ensuring public access to and participation in the planning process. Prepare and administer development related agreements Provide analysis and recommendations on planning applications including, official plan amendments, zoning by-law amendments, site plans, severances and minor variances. To prepare documents including official plan amendments and various by-laws. Check land ownership using assessment roll numbers including the production of labels for circulation purposes. Site inspections. To undertake other duties as assigned.  SENIOR PLANNER  Basic Function:  To provide professional planning analysis and advice on land use planning matters having regard to the Planning Act, and other related legislation, regulations, policy and planning principles. Responsible for assisting the Director, Planning in reporting and providing advice on land use planning matters. Responsible for independently managing planning projects, conducting studies and preparing and presenting reports for County Council. Undertakes data collection, maintenance and analysis, advises individuals and organized bodies on planning matters, provides evidence at hearings, represents the Planning Department before committees, and directs the work of others in carrying out these duties.  Position Description: Facilitation and completion of development planning applications including assistance and support for Committee of Adjustment, and all other types of applications including a focus on draft plan of subdivision, condominium, official plan and zoning bylaw amendments. To evaluate development proposals through the use of professional judgement ensuring compliance with the requirements of affected agencies, planning principles, and the interpretation of Provincial and County land use policies and regulations and to prepare planning reports and appropriate recommendations. To assist in key long–range policy planning projects including, but not limited to Official Plan Updates, provincial policy conformity projects, land use and design plans, growth management studies. To provide guidance and information to County staff, Council, developers and citizens regarding Norfolk County’s planning process, Official Plan policies, Zoning By-law and relevant provincial policy and regulations. To oversee the day to day management/supervision of major planning development projects, reports and studies as assigned by the General Manager, Planning and Development or the Director, Planning Responsible for the processing and consolidation of recommendations related to planning applications including official plan amendments, rezoning applications, site plans, committee of adjustment, subdivisions/condominium and land division To provide analysis and recommendations on planning applications including official plan and zoning by-law amendments, subdivision, condominium, site plan and Committee of Adjustment applications. To attend Council and other meetings, as required, to represent the Planning Department on planning interests of Norfolk County To coordinate and/or participate in County/Divisional initiatives including the periodic review and update of the County’s Official Plan and Zoning By-law(s) To attend Committee of Adjustment meetings in rotation with other Senior Planners To develop site plans under Section 41 of the Planning Act To maintain and foster corporate goals by ensuring public access to and participation in the planning process To prepare Official Plan Amendments and land use by-laws such as zoning, holding, interim control, part lot control, temporary use and site plan for consideration and approval by the County and subsequent approval by the Ministry of Affairs, if required To prepare and administer site plan agreements and other such agreements as deemed necessary for related development applications, in accordance with Norfolk County process and standards Coordinate public meetings pertaining to planning matters Present studies, policies and applications at Public Meetings, Public Information Sessions, and Committee meetings To respond to the media on planning matters subject to County media Relations Policy CRS-33 To act as a Departmental representative / Liaison on Committees as needed. Mentor, coach and provide leadership to planners, planning students and department co-op students Working after hours for Public Meetings, Council Meetings, Committee Meetings, and other Public Open houses on a project by project basis and when deemed necessary to meet deadlines and deal with crises To undertake special projects and other duties as assigned  Requirements  Opportunity for job progression within the Planner roles is available for candidates as qualifications are met.  JUNIOR PLANNER  Knowledge and Experience: Minimum four year post-secondary degree in Land Use Planning preferred or related field such as Geography or Urban Studies. Over three months up to a year related experience Candidate (Provisional) Membership in Ontario Professional Planners Institute and/or Canadian Institute of Planners is preferred GIS understanding or quantitative skills/ statistical analysis or visualization software and/or engagement tools is an asset.  Skills and Abilities: Proven organizational skills. Working knowledge of Ontario planning legislation and process. Effective oral and written communication skills. Sound interpersonal skills. Understanding of relevant Planning and use related legislation and policy. Excellent computer skills. Ability to operate department specific equipment such as: scanner, printers, plotter, copier, etc. Valid Ontario driver’s license and access to a reliable vehicle. Ability to gain computer expertise required in corporate standard software and department specific software including CityView or comparable software. Must be aware of safe work practices as they relate to job responsibilities and work environment, and have the basic understanding of the Occupational Health and Safety Act.  PLANNER  Knowledge and Experience: Minimum four year honours post-secondary degree in Land Use Planning or related field such as Geography or Urban Studies. Three years related work experience Membership in the Canadian Institute of Planners and being a Registered Professional Planner considered an asset. GIS experience and quantitative skills/ statistical analysis is an asset  Skills and Abilities: Proven organizational skills. Working knowledge of Ontario planning legislation and process Well established writing skills with extensive experience in report writing. Sound interpersonal skills with the ability to negotiate effectively. Understanding of relevant Planning and use related legislation and policy. Excellent computer and analytical skills. Excellent communication skills in presenting information to individuals as well as larger audiences, e.g. OMB and/or public hearings. Valid Ontario driver’s license and access to a reliable vehicle Computer expertise required in corporate standard software and department specific software including CityView or comparable software. Must be aware of safe work practices as they relate to job responsibilities and work environment, and have the basic understanding of the Occupational Health and Safety Act  SENIOR PLANNER  Knowledge and Experience: Minimum 4 year Honours post-secondary degree in Land Use Planning or related field; Graduate level- Master’s Degree in Planning (preferred) Plus over three up to and including four years’ experience in land use planning Membership in the Canadian Institute of Planners in good standing and a Registered Professional Planner GIS experience and quantitative skills/ statistical analysis is an asset Experience in project management would be an asset.  Skills and Abilities: Solid understanding of municipal government with a well-developed ability to interpret and apply policies and regulations of the Planning Act, the Provincial Policy Statement and other applicable municipal and provincial legislation including but not limited to the Condominium Act, the Municipal Act, the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, and the Heritage Act Thorough knowledge and understanding in all types of development planning including Committee of Adjustment, Official Plan Amendments, Zoning Amendments, draft plan of subdivision, draft plan of condominium. Expertise in writing and presenting development application related reports to Council including public hearings and recommendations to Council. Knowledge and understanding in the facilitation and leadership of long range and policy related planning projects, including but not limited to official plan review, secondary plans, master plans, and population projection projects are a benefit. Knowledge and understanding in areas such as heritage planning, transportation planning, environmental planning, or brownfield planning, would be considered an asset Thorough knowledge and understanding of relevant planning and land use related legislation and policy Thorough understanding of planning policy matters and development approval process Comprehension of site development issues including but not limited to Crime Prevention through Environmental Design (CEPTD) principles. Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to negotiate effectively Unquestionable confidentiality regarding topics including Archaeological resources, Species-at-Risk data and development proposals The ability to work effectively in a team environment and the ability to work with members of the public Well established and refined writing skills with extensive experience in planning report writing with demonstrated ability to convey issues and concepts in a convincing manner Excellent communication skills and experience in presenting information to individuals as well as larger audiences, including Council, Committees and various public meeting forums Excellent evaluation and analysis/ judgement skills Demonstrated analytical and problem solving skills Ability to provide credible expert testimony at Ontario Municipal Board hearings and other legal proceedings Commitment to personal and professional development by actively pursuing further planning knowledge and skills Demonstrated ability to exercise significant discretion and sensitivity Demonstrated ability to manage multiple files and/or projects with changing priorities and levels of complexity Valid Ontario driver’s license and access to a reliable vehicle Computer expertise in corporate standard software (Microsoft Office) and department specific software to data search and entry and to create and modify word processed documents Must be aware of safe work practices as they relate to job responsibilities and work environment, and have the basic understanding of the Occupational Health and Safety Act  Benefits  The Planning Department is looking to fill 1 vacancy into one of the positions outlined below depending on qualifications:  Position / Wage:  Junior Planner - $26.70 to 33.37 per hour (2022 rate)  Planner – $30.56 to 38.16 per hour (2022 rate)  Senior Planner – $46.85 per hour (less $1 for the first 6 months during probation) (2022 rate)  Opportunity for job progression within the Planner roles is available for candidates as qualifications are met.  Status: Permanent Full Time  Division: Community Development  Department: Planning  Reports To: Director, Planning  Employee Group: CUPE Local 4700  Location: Simcoe, Robinson Administrative Building (with remote work as required)  Posting Period: April 28, 2023 to May 18, 2023  How to Apply:  Follow the Workable process and note Workable no longer supports Internet Explorer, to access this link you will require Google Chrome or Microsoft Edge): Ensure the file extension for your resume document is .doc, .docx or .pdf If you are electing to include a cover letter, the cover letter and resume must be uploaded as 1 file.  The Corporation of Norfolk County is an equal opportunity employer. Accessibility accommodations are available for all parts of the recruitment process. Applicants need to make their needs known in advance.  Successful applicants are required to provide the Employer with a current Criminal Record Check, including a Vulnerable Sector where required and verification of education.  Thank you for your interest in this position. Only those to be interviewed will be contacted."
2,3,2023-03-31,Norfolk County,GIS Analyst (PFT) (CUPE 26.23) REPOST,Entry level,"Simcoe, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/gis-analyst-pft-cupe-26-23-repost-at-norfolk-county-3550849710?refId=d2I5cb7MzgwLCZ9dqezP3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=y0FKEleooOaREuaHUUrsvg%3D%3D&position=3&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Position Function:  To help maintain the County’s GIS and provide GIS and mapping services for Planning and limited support for other County departments with GIS, mapping, scanning and printing services.  Position Description: Prepare and create Planning report mapping for consents, minor variance, zoning amendments, site plans, subdivisions, Official Plan amendments Ontario Municipal Board hearings. Maintain the County civic address system and create new addressing for subdivisions, condominiums and new dwellings and provide appropriate notification to our Emergency Services contacts and the public. Design, creation and maintenance of data and mapping relating to map books, town maps, County maps, 911 maps and other smaller mapping projects. Undertake large projects such as creation of mapping for new Zoning By-Laws, Official Plans or other large project specific mapping. Design, creation and maintenance of spatial datasets used in the County’s GIS and documents the processes used to create those datasets. Manipulation of raster data and orthophotography. Maintain land parcels and ownership data and query for reports and Planning circulation labels. Storage, management and archiving of both digital data within geodatabases and hard copy mapping within filing systems. Data collection using GPS units. Perform Site inspections. Provide limited GIS, mapping, scanning and printing services for other County departments. Provides support in creating and maintaining web mapping applications used by County staff as well as public facing applications. Communicate with other County departments, agencies, organizations and the public to provide mapping requests. Perform other duties as assigned.  Requirements  Knowledge and Experience: Completion of a University Degree or College Diploma (3 years) in a related discipline (e.g., GIS, Planning, Geography, Computer Science) including a GIS certificate. Over three years up to and including four years related experience using GIS mapping systems or equivalent to the above. Skills and Abilities: Proven organizational skills. Effective oral and written communication skills. Knowledge of Zoning By-Laws, Official Plans and legal survey plans. Computer expertise in ArcGIS Desktop, AutoCadMap, AutoCad Raster Design, Access, CorelDraw, as well as corporate standard software (Microsoft Office) and department specific software such as CityView. Other software assets would include ArcGIS Server, ArcGIS Online and Latitude Geographics Geocortex. Ability to operate department specific equipment such as: large format scanners, plotters and copiers, as well as printers, digital camera, GPS units and drafting equipment. Valid Ontario driver’s license and access to a reliable vehicle. Must be aware of safe work practices as they relate to job responsibilities and work environment, and have the basic understanding of the Occupational Health and Safety Act.  Benefits  Job Posting#: CUPE 26.23  Internal only to CUPE Local 4700 Employees with Seniority  Position: GIS Analyst  Job Code: 4PLSPT  Status: Permanent Full Time  Wage: $27.96 to $34.95 per hour (2022 rate)  Employee Group: CUPE Local 4700  Division: Community Development  Department: Planning  Reports To: Supervisor, GIS  Location: Simcoe - Gilbertson Administrative Building (with remote work as required)  Posting: April 19, 2023 to May 10, 2023  The Corporation of Norfolk County is an equal opportunity employer. Accessibility accommodations are available for all parts of the recruitment process. Applicants need to make their needs known in advance.  Successful applicants are required to provide the Employer with a current Criminal Record Check, including a Vulnerable Sector where required and verification of education.  Thank you for your interest in this position. Only those to be interviewed will be contacted."
3,4,2023-04-03,Norfolk County,Emergency Planner (PFT) (CUPE 25.21) Repost,Mid-Senior level,"Simcoe, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/emergency-planner-pft-cupe-25-21-repost-at-norfolk-county-3590302079?refId=d2I5cb7MzgwLCZ9dqezP3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=QOulGdJtZrZAUqwnhW9sHg%3D%3D&position=4&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Basic Function: To take the lead in the development and maintenance of the emergency response plan specific to the responsibility of the Health and Social Services Division. To provide research and analysis for the planning, design, development, and evaluation of public health emergencies and community emergencies requiring the delivery of emergency social services, programs, services, communication campaigns and policies as described in the Ontario Public Health Standards (OPHS), Municipal Act and other related legislation. To liaise and consult with the Management team, program staff and other relevant community stakeholders in planning, developing, implementing, and evaluating emergency preparedness activities to meet the mandate as set out in the OPHS and related legislation. Responsible for the development of policies and procedures, consultation, education and coordination of activities related to the development, improvement, monitoring and evaluation of strategies to enhance public health and social services emergency preparedness and response to public health emergencies, community emergencies requiring the delivery of emergency social services, and emerging public health issues. To support the development and maintenance of business continuity plans for the Health and Social Services Division  Position Description: To liaise and consult with the Medical Officer of Health (MOH), the Management team and program staff in coordinating, planning, developing, implementing, and evaluating emergency preparedness activities. This will include the creation and revision of relevant policies to ensure that they are in line with current legislation. Develop project plans to define the steps needed to fully meet project needs and fully participate in executing the plan, coordination with consultants and contractors; review of repots and design: contract administration and ongoing review of budgets and status. To liaise and consult with the Director of Social Services and Housing and community partners in coordinating, planning, developing, implementing, and evaluating the delivery of emergency social services, including the provision of emergency shelter, in situations where these services are required. To work with the management team to develop, monitor and maintain business continuity plans for the Health and Social Services Division. To plan, deliver and evaluate annual emergency exercises for the Health and Social Services Division. To serve as liaison to and coordinates activities locally, regionally and provincially including representing the Division at various relevant tables and committees. To provide direction and support to other division staff as it pertains to emergency preparedness including the planning and delivery of staff training on emergency preparedness. Contribute to the identification and prioritization of areas for improvement within the six dimensions of quality (safe, effective, efficient, timely, person-centred and equitable). Engage with colleagues in a systematic approach to quality improvement, including the definition of the purpose and scope; development, testing and implementation of change ideas; and measurement of reach and impact. Identify appropriate personal protective equipment (PPE) and resources for emergencies and maintain inventory. Respond to operational incidents and emergencies as directed. May be required to work evenings and weekends during emergency incidents. May be required to attend site of emergencies. Prepare reports to Council as required. Participate in procurement documents related to projects and studies Conduct emergency preparedness training for Health and Social Services division staff  Requirements  Knowledge and Experience: Undergraduate degree in a health-related discipline, social services or environmental studies. A graduate degree in health administration, business administration, public administration or related health, social services or environmental studies will be considered an asset. Completion of IMS 100, 200 and 300 Basic Emergency Management (BEM) Certification Over three years’ experience in emergency planning and response and/or program planning, evaluation, and project management. Possession of Project Management and/or LEAN Six Sigma certification(s) will be considered an asset.  Skills and Abilities: Thorough understanding of Ontario’s Emergency Management and Civil Protection Act and knowledge of other related regulations and legislations. Knowledge of the Ontario Public Health Standards, and municipal requirements related to the delivery of emergency social services, as well as, current issues and practices related to emergency planning and response. Extensive demonstrated knowledge of all hazard/risk assessment and analysis. Excellent interpersonal, written, and verbal communication skills, including the ability to summarize complex data into understandable, user-friendly, relevant explanations for reporting and knowledge transfer to management and staff. Excellent oral presentation and small group facilitation skills to lead focus group discussions. Effective consulting, leadership, and project management skills. Demonstrates flexibility and adaptability by adjusting approaches, as needed. Demonstrates critical thinking, effective problem solving and conflict management skills. Ensures accountability and high quality and accuracy of work. Valid Ontario driver’s license and access to a reliable vehicle. Computer expertise in corporate standard software (Microsoft Office) and department specific software to data search and entry and to create and modify word processed documents. Must be aware of safe work practices as they relate to job responsibilities and work environment, and have the basic understanding of the Occupational Health and Safety Act. Other duties as assigned.  Benefits  Status: Permanent Full Time  Employee Group: CUPE Local 4700  Salary: $46.08 per hour, less $1.00 for first six months  Competitive Benefits Package  Division: Health and Social Services  Department: Quality, Planning, Accountability and Performance  Reports To: Manager, Planning and Evaluation  Location: Simcoe  Posting Period: May 28, 2021 - until position is filled  How to Apply: Ensure the file extension for your resume document is .doc, .docx or .pdf If you are electing to include a cover letter, the cover letter and resume must be uploaded as 1 file.  The Corporation of Norfolk County is an equal opportunity employer. Accessibility accommodations are available for all parts of the recruitment process. Applicants need to make their needs known in advance.  Successful applicants are required to provide the Employer with a current Criminal Record Check, including a Vulnerable Sector where required and verification of education.  Thank you for your interest in this position. Only those to be interviewed will be contacted."
4,5,2023-03-21,AFG Inc,Data Entry Clerk Work From Home - Part-Time Focus Group Participants,Entry level,"Brantford, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-entry-clerk-work-from-home-part-time-focus-group-participants-at-afg-inc-3572066616?refId=d2I5cb7MzgwLCZ9dqezP3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=ZZX17fDBVWZ5AM9KWvhV4Q%3D%3D&position=5&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Position: Data Entry Clerk Work From Home - Part-Time Focus Group Participants  Our company is seeking individuals to participate in National & Local Paid Focus Groups, Clinical Trials, and Phone Interviews.  With most of our paid focus group studies, you have the option to participate remotely online or in-person. This is a great way to earn additional income from the comfort of your home.  Compensation:  $75-$150 (per 1 hour session) $300-$750 (multi-session studies)  Job Requirements:  Show up at least 10 minutes prior to discussion start time. Participate by completing written and/or oral instructions. Complete written survey provided for each panel. MUST actually use products and/or services, if provided. Then be ready to discuss PRIOR to meeting date.  Qualifications:  Must have either a smart phone with working camera or webcam on desktop/laptop. Must have access to high speed internet Desire to fully participate in one or several of the given topics Ability to read, understand, and follow oral and written instructions. Data entry clerk experience is not necessary  Job Benefits:  Flexibility to take part in discussions online or in-person. No commute needed if you choose to work from home remotely. No minimum hours. You can do this part-time or full-time Enjoy free samples from our sponsors and partners in exchange for your honest feedback of their products. You get to review and use new products or services before they are launched to the public.  This position is perfect for anyone looking for temporary, part-time or full-time work. The hours are flexible and no previous experience is needed. If you are a data entry clerk or someone just looking for a flexible part time remote work at home job, this is a great way to supplement your income.  Powered by JazzHR  WV9ilBQ3wO"
5,6,2023-04-21,AiDash,Interesting Job Opportunity: AiDash - Business Analyst/Senior Business Analyst - IIT/NIT/BITS,Mid-Senior level,"Delhi, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/interesting-job-opportunity-aidash-business-analyst-senior-business-analyst-iit-nit-bits-at-aidash-3582003355?refId=d2I5cb7MzgwLCZ9dqezP3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=1YkQzlgwJzsq1k95hjW1ow%3D%3D&position=6&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"About AiDash  AiDash is an AI-first vertical SaaS company enabling satellite-powered operations management and sustainability initiatives for core industries with geographically distributed assets. We build solutions that provide meaningful insights into customer environments and help them take intelligent decisions and initiatives to save millions of dollars annually by preventing wildfires, service outages, and customer interruptions. Coupling disruptive AI technology with satellite analytics gives us an edge over the in-built predictive capabilities of our products and empower customers to gear up assets for weather changes and operate sustainably.  Founded in 2019, AiDash is a fast-growing start-up that enables its employees with incredible opportunities to grow. We strive for continuous evolution of our world-class products using cutting-edge technologies and are on a mission to make our Earth a safer, greener, and sustainable place to be.  With over 30 customers, including Fortune 500 brands, spread over the United States, the United Kingdom, and Canada, we cater to industries including Utilities, Energy, Transportation, Water and Wastewater, Mining, and Construction. To fuel up excellence and expand global operations, we recently secured $27 million in a Series B funding led by G2 Venture Partners and joined by our existing investors - BGV and National Grid Partners, which brings the total funding to $33 million.  Role Overview  Goal of our analytics team is to help realize maximum business value from AiDash Data Products. As a Business Analyst / Sr. Business Analyst at AiDash, you will be assisting senior business consultants by providing analytical solutions to solve complex business problems. You will help clients improve their operations using AiDash products, thus saving millions of dollars in operating expenses.  What you will do?  Work closely with our clients and Engagement Managers to understand the core business problems that need to be solved. Independently work with Data Science and Product team to break down the business problems into structured elements that AI can solve. Closely collaborate on model development by providing business inputs. Leverage analytic techniques to use data to guide clients and teams in decision-making. Generate ideas for solving problems better and continuously innovate.  We are looking for strong, self-motivated individuals with a knack for numbers and attention to detail. As a fairly small and tightly knit organization, the individual will have high exposure to various work streams in the organization  What you will need for this job?  Bachelors in an analytical/technical discipline from a Top Tier/Tier-1 institution such as IIT/NIT/BITS etc. 1-2 years of work experience in business analytics domain Strong communication skills Ability to work independently and deliver projects on time Proficiency in business analytics tools such as Python/ SQL/ R/ Excel would be a plus Former experience working with AI / ML Models preferable  (ref:iimjobs.com)"
6,7,2023-03-28,AFG Inc,Data Entry Clerk Work From Home - Part-Time Focus Group Participants,Entry level,"Tillsonburg, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-entry-clerk-work-from-home-part-time-focus-group-participants-at-afg-inc-3580981270?refId=d2I5cb7MzgwLCZ9dqezP3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=rMWtN1R%2BU0DmKyGAopU5vw%3D%3D&position=7&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Position: Data Entry Clerk Work From Home - Part-Time Focus Group Participants  Our company is seeking individuals to participate in National & Local Paid Focus Groups, Clinical Trials, and Phone Interviews.  With most of our paid focus group studies, you have the option to participate remotely online or in-person. This is a great way to earn additional income from the comfort of your home.  Compensation:  $75-$150 (per 1 hour session) $300-$750 (multi-session studies)  Job Requirements:  Show up at least 10 minutes prior to discussion start time. Participate by completing written and/or oral instructions. Complete written survey provided for each panel. MUST actually use products and/or services, if provided. Then be ready to discuss PRIOR to meeting date.  Qualifications:  Must have either a smart phone with working camera or webcam on desktop/laptop. Must have access to high speed internet Desire to fully participate in one or several of the given topics Ability to read, understand, and follow oral and written instructions. Data entry clerk experience is not necessary  Job Benefits:  Flexibility to take part in discussions online or in-person. No commute needed if you choose to work from home remotely. No minimum hours. You can do this part-time or full-time Enjoy free samples from our sponsors and partners in exchange for your honest feedback of their products. You get to review and use new products or services before they are launched to the public.  This position is perfect for anyone looking for temporary, part-time or full-time work. The hours are flexible and no previous experience is needed. If you are a data entry clerk or someone just looking for a flexible part time remote work at home job, this is a great way to supplement your income.  Powered by JazzHR  rZmOwM8ffO"
7,8,2023-04-28,Norfolk County,Building Permit Coordinator (CUPE 52.23) (PFT),Associate,"Simcoe, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/building-permit-coordinator-cupe-52-23-pft-at-norfolk-county-3591994662?refId=d2I5cb7MzgwLCZ9dqezP3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=4kEwMtVTnqqQsrWXf%2B0Iqg%3D%3D&position=8&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Scope of Position:  To provide front counter reception and support to the Building Department.  Position Description: Provide information at the front counter, by telephone and through correspondence in response to inquiries regarding building permit application process, zoning bylaws, Ontario Building Code and other applicable laws Assist the public with completion of building permit applications and other necessary forms Receive and review building permit applications for accuracy and completeness as required by legislation Accept construction drawings and documents for permit processing Accurately calculate and collect all fees (incl. permit fees, development charges and zoning fees) Ensure that all other external or interdepartmental agency requirements have been met or are in process of being met. Review and issuance of simple permit applications (ie decks, sheds, pools and demolition) ensuring compliance with the Ontario Building Code and other applicable law when requested by the CBO. Monitor permit application status by maintaining accurate and timely records Sort and route permit application packages to various agencies and staff Schedule requests for field inspections and maintain an inspection activity log Resolve routine customer service inquiries as they relate to building permits Coordinate and monitor the permitting process with building inspectors, planners, designers and homeowners Maintain and manage an inventory of forms, applications, office equipment and supplies. Maintain and update Divisional website Manage and maintain the records management systems (OMNI-RIM) Ensure all property files and related documentation is filed in a timely fashion Reconcile daily cash receipts Provide administrative support for other staff as required Preparation of files as required including printing labels and assembling file folders Track permit activity, input and compile data on permit tracking software (Cityview) Process outgoing and incoming mail Assist Zoning Administrator by providing backup assistance in preparing letters, confirming zoning, building and work order searches Provide backup coverage as required for Zoning Administrator/Zoning Compliance Officer/Bylaw Division Prepare variety of reports, notices, minutes, agendas Perform related duties as assigned by the Chief Building Official or designate  Requirements  Knowledge and Experience: Post-secondary degree/diploma in a related field such as, civil engineering, construction engineering or architecture, business administration or related field Over one year current related experience  Skills and Abilities: A general understanding of provincial legislation including Ontario Building Code Act and Regulations, Planning Act and Zoning Bylaws, and the Provincial Offences Act Basic ability to read and understand blueprints. Strong interpersonal, communication, organizational and time management skills Proven record keeping and analytical skills Ability to work independently and as a team player Ability to handle frequent interruptions Prioritize workload to meet stringent timelines Valid Ontario driver’s license and access to a reliable vehicle Computer expertise in corporate standard software (Microsoft Office) and department specific software to data search and entry and to create and modify word processed documents Must be aware of safe work practices as they relate to job responsibilities and work environment, and have the basic understanding of the Occupational Health and Safety Act  Benefits  Posting #: CUPE 52.23  Position: Building Permit Coordinator  Status: Permanent Full Time  Employee Group: CUPE Local 4700  Salary: $24.09 - $30.14 per hour (2022 rate)  Division: Community Development Services  Department: Building  Reports To: Chief Building Official  Location: Robinson Administration Building (Simcoe)  Posting Period: April 28, 2023 to May 15, 2023  The Corporation of Norfolk County is an equal opportunity employer. Accessibility accommodations are available for all parts of the recruitment process. Applicants need to make their needs known in advance.  Successful applicants are required to provide the Employer with a current Criminal Record Check, including a Vulnerable Sector where required and verification of education, transcripts preferred.  Thank you for your interest in this position. Only those to be interviewed will be contacted."
8,9,2023-04-03,Norfolk County,GIS Summer Student (University) (SS.23.08),Internship,"Simcoe, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/gis-summer-student-university-ss-23-08-at-norfolk-county-3590312267?refId=d2I5cb7MzgwLCZ9dqezP3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=S6v6VbtYK1JzV9hfZsNjbA%3D%3D&position=9&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Duration:  The duration of this contract will be approximately 4 months. Applicants are expected to fulfill the entire contract period commencing May 1, 2023 until September 1, 2023.  Please note: No two applicants can have the same e-mail address attached to their profile. Please ensure when applying to positions you provide a unique e-mail address associated with your own profile.  Position Description:  To assist in the development and maintenance of geographic data and mapping within the County’s GIS, including: Assist in creating new data layers for the County’s GIS Assist in the updating and maintenance of existing data Assist with mapping for various Planning projects and applications. Digitizing, scanning and printing of maps Analysis using air photography  Interviews:  Interviews will commence in the month of February 2023.  Requirements  Qualifications: University or College student enrolled in a discipline related to Planning, Environmental Studies or Geography, including a course of study in GIS Must possess a valid Class G Driver’s License Computer expertise: including ArcGIS, Microsoft Access, and standard corporate software (Microsoft Office) Additional knowledge of ArcGIS Online and ArcServer would be an asset. Machines operated: Scanner, GPS, plotter and general office equipment Knowledge of Occupational Health and Safety Act Employment is conditional upon: attendance at all training sessions, submission of required documentation/certification, adherence to the minimum age requirements and ability to meet the employment term. At time of application must be enrolled in a post-secondary education institution or institution of higher learning. Applicants must submit a criminal record check (dated within the last 3 months) from their local police service for approval prior to commencing employment.  Benefits  Division: Community Development  Department: Planning  Rate: $17.05 per hour  Location: Simcoe  Hours: 35 hours per week  Posting Period: December 1, 2022 – until positions are filled (applications received by January 31, 2023 will be considered first, any applications received after will be on a first come first serve basis)  The Corporation of Norfolk County is an equal opportunity employer. Accessibility accommodations are available for all parts of the recruitment process. Applicants need to make their needs known in advance.  Thank you for your interest in this position. Only those to be interviewed will be contacted."
9,10,2023-04-21,"Young Innovations, Inc.",Quality Control Analyst,Entry level,"Brantford, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/quality-control-analyst-at-young-innovations-inc-3573099173?refId=d2I5cb7MzgwLCZ9dqezP3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=FjhOdOsAP%2FAPTDLGQqDyBA%3D%3D&position=10&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Germiphene knows infection control. Starting over 70 years ago servicing the needs of the dental industry with our extensive product range; from disinfection, cleaning, instrument care, oral health, and hand care. Our drive for continued improvement is a daily commitment shown through new product development, strict quality standards and nurturing customer relationships. This has given us a strong foundation to grow our market to provide disinfection products, and hand sanitizers for all healthcare communities, and other government agencies.  We are innovators & manufacturers.  We are professionals.  We are educators.  We are exporters.  We are responsible.  We are looking for like-minded individuals to join our team.  Currently we are looking for a Quality Control Analyst – up to 12 month contract  Job purpose  The Quality Control Analyst is responsible for performing quality assessments and testing of raw materials, in process and finished products to ensure their quality and integrity to Germiphene standards.  Duties And Responsibilities  Perform qualitative and quantitative analysis on raw materials, in process, stability and finished products according to test methods, compendia and regulatory requirements for QC release. Assess historical raw material specifications and interpret raw data from previously released raw material lots and prepare comprehensive reports for the Quality Department. Record and summarize raw data in a neat and orderly manner. Perform analysis independently using Autotitrator, FT-IR, GC, HPLC, Karl Fischer, Refractometer, and wet chemistry techniques. Calibrate balances, pH meter and other instruments as required. Maintain a clean and tidy workplace and cleaning duties as required. Report to supervisor any out of specification result, non-conformances, or deviations immediately. Provide support and training to other analysts or new hires in performing the analysis. Examine returned “defective” product (and retained product) in a timely manner, generate, and submit a written report of the findings of the investigation. Prepare samples and compile documentation required for outside testing of samples. In the absence of the QC supervisor investigate OOS results and implement follow-up activities according to documentation. Testing of finished product samples part of “Customer Complaint”. Coordinate with Microbiology Lab for standardization of Quality Control sampling. Assist R&D in the execution of method validation studies. Comply with ISO 9001 and ISO 13485 specifications and GMP regulations. Follow the responsibilities as outlined in the Ontario Health and Safety Act. Other duties as assigned by the supervisor.  Qualifications  Education:  Post-secondary degree in Chemistry or related equivalent  Skills/Abilities/Characteristics  A good grasp of basic computer skills is mandatory - Word & Excel. Candidate must be self empowered and take initiative as well as have the ability to function as a team player. Candidate should own safety shoes. Candidate should be able to work in a fast-paced environment. Organizational skills to meet deadlines. Strong attention to detail.  Experience  At least 2 years of industrial experience (Pharmaceutical preferred). 1 to 2 years of experience with Empower 2 and 3 using Waters HPLC. Thorough knowledge of compendia and regulatory requirements for QC release of raw materials.  Working Conditions  Exposure to a lab and manufacturing environment. The ability to manage a number of projects at one time and may be interrupted frequently to meet the needs and requests of other departments. Excellent organizational, time and stress management skills to meet deadlines. Sensory demands include the sensitive use of lab equipment.  Physical Requirements  The ability to lift up to 50 lbs. Prolonged periods of standing or sitting on a tall chair. Stress management skills to complete tasks within the deadline. Visual acuity and manual dexterity when using instruments, microscopes, etc.  Note: Germiphene is not on a City of Brantford bus route. Candidates and employees must have their own transportation.  In compliance with AODA legislation, if you require an accommodation during any part of the recruitment process please advise Human Resources.  We thank all applicants for their interest in our position, however only those receiving consideration will be contacted."
10,11,2023-03-28,AFG Inc,Data Entry Clerk Work From Home - Part-Time Focus Group Participants,Entry level,"Woodstock, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-entry-clerk-work-from-home-part-time-focus-group-participants-at-afg-inc-3580979572?refId=d2I5cb7MzgwLCZ9dqezP3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=zcV3YzlIbMmKs9DTdxyNHA%3D%3D&position=11&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Position: Data Entry Clerk Work From Home - Part-Time Focus Group Participants  Our company is seeking individuals to participate in National & Local Paid Focus Groups, Clinical Trials, and Phone Interviews.  With most of our paid focus group studies, you have the option to participate remotely online or in-person. This is a great way to earn additional income from the comfort of your home.  Compensation:  $75-$150 (per 1 hour session) $300-$750 (multi-session studies)  Job Requirements:  Show up at least 10 minutes prior to discussion start time. Participate by completing written and/or oral instructions. Complete written survey provided for each panel. MUST actually use products and/or services, if provided. Then be ready to discuss PRIOR to meeting date.  Qualifications:  Must have either a smart phone with working camera or webcam on desktop/laptop. Must have access to high speed internet Desire to fully participate in one or several of the given topics Ability to read, understand, and follow oral and written instructions. Data entry clerk experience is not necessary  Job Benefits:  Flexibility to take part in discussions online or in-person. No commute needed if you choose to work from home remotely. No minimum hours. You can do this part-time or full-time Enjoy free samples from our sponsors and partners in exchange for your honest feedback of their products. You get to review and use new products or services before they are launched to the public.  This position is perfect for anyone looking for temporary, part-time or full-time work. The hours are flexible and no previous experience is needed. If you are a data entry clerk or someone just looking for a flexible part time remote work at home job, this is a great way to supplement your income.  Powered by JazzHR  EmfwLdsrGf"
11,12,2023-04-21,Norfolk County,Customer Service Representative - Recreation (CUPE 42.23) (PPT) external,Mid-Senior level,"Simcoe, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/customer-service-representative-recreation-cupe-42-23-ppt-external-at-norfolk-county-3578558280?refId=d2I5cb7MzgwLCZ9dqezP3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=UpvluqEBMUYoZCQSTxU1pg%3D%3D&position=12&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Basic Function:  As Ambassador to the Simcoe Recreation Centre, Annaleise Carr Aquatic Centre and Simcoe Seniors Centre the Customer Service Representative will act as liaison between customers and staff and represent the municipality in a consistent and service-oriented manner. The Customer Service Representative - Recreation will ensure all residents and visitors are provided with a positive recreational experience while processing recreation program registrations and facility booking requests, completing and preparing deposits, and responding to inquiries regarding recreation programs and facilities.  Position Description: Ensure public is greeted in a prompt, professional and service-oriented manner and the County’s standards for customer contact and telephone protocol are not only met but also exceeded. Greet customers, respond to telephone, email, social media and counter inquiries Act as Deputy Division Registrar for the issuance of burial permits as delegated by the Clerks’ Department Problem solve and handle customer complaints in a mature, calm and professional manner; escalate/refer inquiries as appropriate Provide support for customers using the online registration system Update and maintain client data base as needed Process program registrations, maintain customer memberships, book and attend participants into classes and programs, process all drop-ins and point of sale requests and issue necessary receipts Process facility booking inquiries and manage allocation of rental space within the Simcoe Recreation Centre including, multi-purpose floor, pool and meeting rooms Monitor customer accounts to ensure collection of outstanding balances are followed up with on a regular basis Provide back up to the Facility Booking Clerk for the booking of all County Recreation facilities and following up on rental inquiries Monitor and process online facility booking requests when Facility Booking Clerk is unavailable Process Gear Shop Rentals and manage concession inventory Maintain a busy phone and email system in a courteous, timely manner Receive, sort, prepare and disperse mail for distribution internally and externally Manage inventory of office supplies for the department; including responsible for office supply vendor ordering, receiving of supplies and distributing to proper staff members Maintain/consolidate daily deposits for all locations utilizing Xplor Recreation system; maintain and process post-dated payments on a daily basis, balance, reconcile and prepare bank deposits Maintain office equipment (copiers, printers, laminating machines, etc.) ensuring it is in good working order on a daily basis; contacting IT or maintenance support when required Maintain program listings/schedules for marketing/advertising purposes Monitor use of lifts in facility and assist customers who are having difficulty in operating Provide first aid and attend to emergency situations when needed Assist in the consolidation of information to complete the annual Municipal Performance Measures Program as well as department specific statistics and reporting requirements Perform other duties as assigned  Requirements  Knowledge and Experience: Grade 12 graduation with a post secondary diploma in Business/Office Administration, Customer Service/Hospitality, Recreation & Leisure, or related discipline Over one year experience in customer service/public relations and working effectively within a team environment. Standard First Aid & CPR/AED required Skills and Abilities: Knowledge of the Recreation Departments programs and operations Broad-based knowledge of the County's municipal operations and services is an asset Working Knowledge in the use of Microsoft Office Suite and demonstrated comfort level with Microsoft Teams and the Internet Previous experience with Recreation Management Systems, Xplor Recreation (PerfectMind), is preferred Experience with municipal software including Great Plains and CRM systems considered an asset General knowledge of accounting principles and a strong comfort level with completing financial transactions Ability to effectively communicate both verbally and in writing Ability to multi task under pressure, prioritize work tasks, problem solve and demonstrate attention to detail in order to meet customer service standards and deadlines Outstanding customer service skills with an ability to maintain composure regardless of the demands of the environment Excellent interpersonal, public relations, negotiating, organization, analytical and problem/complaint resolution skills Valid Ontario driver’s license and access to a reliable vehicle Must be aware of safe work practices as they relate to job responsibilities and work environment, and have the basic understanding of the Occupational Health and Safety Act  Benefits  Posting #: CUPE 42.23  Position: Customer Service Representative - Recreation  Job Code: 3RCCSR  Status: Permanent Part Time  Employee Group: CUPE Local 4700  Band / Wage: CUPE Band 03 / $21.58 - $26.95 per hour (2022 rate) (under review)  Division: Community Development  Department: Recreation Services  Reports To: Director, Recreation  Location: Simcoe  Posting Period: April 21, 2023 to May 4, 2023  The Corporation of Norfolk County is an equal opportunity employer. Accessibility accommodations are available for all parts of the recruitment process. Applicants need to make their needs known in advance.  Successful applicants are required to provide the Employer with a current Criminal Record Check, including a Vulnerable Sector where required and verification of education.  Thank you for your interest in this position. Only those to be interviewed will be contacted."
12,13,2023-04-03,Norfolk County,Forestry Summer Students (4) (SS.23.18),Internship,"Simcoe, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/forestry-summer-students-4-ss-23-18-at-norfolk-county-3590320762?refId=d2I5cb7MzgwLCZ9dqezP3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=DgR6Yeg%2FL6jk83DvgqAi4w%3D%3D&position=13&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Duration:  The duration of this contract will be approximately 4 months. Applicants are expected to fulfill the entire contract period commencing May 1, 2023 until September 1, 2023.  Please note: No two applicants can have the same e-mail address attached to their profile. Please ensure when applying to positions you provide a unique e-mail address associated with your own profile.  Position Description:  Seeking an individual who is interested in working within the community of Norfolk County to promote conservation and proper resource management. This position is funded by a variety of partners to expose local youth to the diversity of environmentally based career opportunities found across Norfolk.  The successful incumbent will: Assist in tree planting; urban tree/woodland inventory; stream restoration; electrofishing; invasive species control; nursery/trail maintenance, and other forestry, urban forestry or natural resource based duties Assist in the watering, pruning, planting, and mulching of young trees on a scheduled basis. Coordinate with community partners in developing and scheduling work plans for Forestry crew Lead the Forestry crew team, organizing weekly work schedules and reporting to the Supervisor, Forestry Maintain accurate data collection Perform daily circle checks on all equipment and reporting defects to the immediate supervisor Maintain daily activity log for each crew member Operate a variety of equipment, light duty vehicles, machine and power and hand held tools, (i.e. brush hogs, hand held saws, weed eaters). Prepare a final report and submit to the Forestry, Supervisor, by September 1, 2023 to include a summary of projects completed over the summer for each partner organization and an overview of each project outlining goals, accomplishments, and resources used.  Note: For more information regarding the two vacancies, please click on the following link:  https://www.norfolkcounty.ca/download/2023-Forestry-Attachment.pdf  Interviews:  Interviews will commence in the month of February 2023.  Requirements  Qualifications: College or university education with a preference given to candidates that have completed a minimum of 1 year studies in Arboriculture, Horticulture Technician, Environmental Studies/Sciences, Landscape Design/Architecture, Forestry Technician or Urban Forestry Understanding and entry level experience with the use of GPS / GIS technology and applications Able to lift 30 lbs to 50 lbs Knowledge of Occupational Health and Safety Act Experience in general operation of office equipment, i.e. fax, photocopier, etc. Employment is conditional upon: attendance at all training sessions, submission of required documentation/certification, adherence to the minimum age requirements and ability to meet the employment term. At time of application must be enrolled in a post-secondary education institution or institution of higher learning. Applicants must submit a criminal record check (dated within the last 3 months) from their local police service for approval prior to commencing employment.  Benefits  Position: Forestry Crew Leader Forestry Crew Member (2) Forestry Management Technician  Division: Operations  Department: Forestry  Rate: $16.28 per hour (Forestry Crew Member and Forestry Management Tech) $17.05 per hour (Forestry Crew Leader)  Location: Simcoe  Hours: 40 hours per week  Posting Period: December 1, 2022 – until positions are filled (applications received by January 31, 2023 will be considered first, any applications received after will be on a first come first serve basis)  The Corporation of Norfolk County is an equal opportunity employer. Accessibility accommodations are available for all parts of the recruitment process. Applicants need to make their needs known in advance.  Thank you for your interest in this position. Only those to be interviewed will be contacted."
13,14,2023-03-29,Paytm,Collections - Junior Manager (Delhi),Not Applicable,"Delhi, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/collections-junior-manager-delhi-at-paytm-3575077973?refId=d2I5cb7MzgwLCZ9dqezP3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=Hx%2FAu5VWH8HSvAAaOowumA%3D%3D&position=14&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"About Us:  Paytm is India’s leading digital payments and financial services company, which is focused on driving consumers and merchants to its platform by offering them a variety of payment use cases. Paytm provides consumers with services like utility payments and money transfers, while empowering them to pay via Paytm Payment Instruments (PPI) like Paytm Wallet, Paytm UPI, Paytm Payments Bank Netbanking, Paytm FASTag and Paytm Postpaid - Buy Now, Pay Later. To merchants, Paytm offers acquiring devices like Soundbox, EDC, QR and Payment Gateway where payment aggregation is done through PPI and also other banks’ financial instruments. To further enhance merchants’ business, Paytm offers merchants commerce services through advertising and Paytm Mini app store. Operating on this platform leverage, the company then offers credit services such as merchant loans, personal loans and BNPL, sourced by its financial partners.  About the team: Liaison between the creditors and consumers. They are in charge of observing accounts to identify overdue payments, report collection activity, address client queries, and develop repayment plans.  About the role: Collection Team Lead will be responsible for collection targets of the assigned branches. They will be required to meet the target of assigned product. Follow the legal guidelines for collection agencies & in-house collections.  Expectations/ Requirements:  To achieve collection targets of the Respective Branch assigned Meeting the Target on the product assigned for Collections Ensuring legal guidelines are compiled for entire collection structure in letter and sprits Ensure that the collection agencies and In-house collectors adhere to the legal guidelines provided by the law in force Ensure adherence to the Code of Conduct Continuously monitoring collection agencies and In-house collectors to identify fraudulent practices and ensure that no loss is incurred due to such activities  Superpowers/ Skills that will help you succeed in this role:  More than 1 year of relevant experience in Collections role Excellent Communication Skills Negotiations skills - strong bias for driving results in a High performance environment Strong Relationship and Leadership skills Working Knowledge of Computers Growth Mindset Demonstrated success and achievement orientation Willingness to experiment and improve continuously  Education: graduate in any specialization  Why join us:  A collaborative output driven program that brings cohesiveness across businesses through technology Improve the average revenue per use by increasing the cross-sell opportunities A solid 360-degree feedback from your peer teams on your support of their goals Respect, that is earned, not demanded from your peers and manager  Compensation:  If you are the right fit, we believe in creating wealth for you  With enviable 500 mn+ registered users, 21 mn+ merchants and depth of data in our ecosystem, we are in a unique position to democratize credit for deserving consumers & merchants – and we are committed to it. India’s largest digital lending story is brewing here. It’s your opportunity to be a part of the story!"
14,15,2023-04-26,VG Meats,QA & Packaging Technician,Entry level,"Simcoe, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/qa-packaging-technician-at-vg-meats-3586991424?refId=d2I5cb7MzgwLCZ9dqezP3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=XbwAazk8dCgPRo%2FsSNp4xA%3D%3D&position=15&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"This position will begin as a hybrid QA technician and RTE/Rollstock packaging, with the position expanding towards QA as the need arises. Develop your CAREER with VG Meats!  Duties & Responsibilities:  Routine monitoring and data collection to support FSQA objectives Performing Warner-Bratzler shear force testing and image analysis for VG Meats’ tenderness testing program Performing chemical concentration testing Other duties as assigned Maintaining carcass traceability system Organize, weigh, package, label products, and fulfil orders. Prepare skids and outgoing orders in preparation for deliveries and error-free shipments. Feed and unload processing machines and assist machine operators with their duties.  Requirements/Qualifications:  Secondary School Diploma or equivalent Preference will be given to those with at least a college degree in food technology or a similar field. Previous experience is an asset but does not required Alignment with VG Meats’ values, mission, and organizational strategy Excellent organizational skills Strong attention to detail Ability to work and move in a fast-paced food manufacturing environment Ability to stand for long periods of time Excellent organization and communication skills Able to manage time effectively Ability to take direction Ability to work in cold conditions  About VG Meats:  VG Meats is dedicated to producing high quality, healthy foods through sustainable farming practices. A fourth-generation family business, we produce tenderness tested beef, pork and pastured poultry that our customers love. We're looking for people who share our dedication and vision. Our areas of focus are regenerative farming practices, retailers, farmers, restaurants, distributors and institutions.  VG Meats is an equal opportunity employer and accommodation will be provided during the interviewing and hiring processes.  Job Type: Full-time  Wage Range: $16-18/hr.  Please Note: Our recruitment team will send a Vervoe assessment to your email address listed as the next action in our hiring process. Further consideration requires the timely completion of the assessment.  Powered by JazzHR  BwTZhAqMSw"
15,16,2023-04-03,Norfolk County,Energy and Facilities Intern (Summer Student) (SS.23.07),Internship,"Simcoe, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/energy-and-facilities-intern-summer-student-ss-23-07-at-norfolk-county-3590313476?refId=d2I5cb7MzgwLCZ9dqezP3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=Iwwh0qyDrn4yNhY%2FDHyTEQ%3D%3D&position=16&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Duration:  The duration of this contract will be approximately 4 months. Applicants are expected to fulfill the entire contract period commencing May 1, 2022 until August 26, 2022.  Please note: No two applicants can have the same e-mail address attached to their profile. Please ensure when applying to positions you provide a unique e-mail address associated with your own profile.  Position Description:  The incumbent will perform technical support duties relating to energy management and facility management activities for Norfolk County facilities. Related tasks include, but are not limited to: Assist in the collection and organization of facility data and facility drawings Assist with the collection, analysis and monitoring of energy data Assist with the management of facilities capital construction projects Assist with the analysis of energy and sustainability projects Assist with the corporate energy conservation awareness program Assist Gas Technicians in various maintenance and installation duties Assist Technicians with on-going maintenance Assist with facility component inventory and data organization Assist with annual energy reporting  Interviews:  Interviews will commence in the month of February 2023.  Requirements  Qualifications: University or College student enrolled in mechanical/electrical engineering, architecture, or gas technician or facilities management course (or related field) Valid Class G2 Driver’s License Computer expertise to apply Corporate software Must be able to operate a pickup truck, small equipment, and power and hand tools Knowledge of Occupational Health and Safety Act Good time management, interpersonal and communication skills Experience in general operation of office equipment, i.e. computer, photocopier, etc. Employment is conditional upon: attendance at all training sessions, submission of required documentation/certification, adherence to the minimum age requirements and ability to meet the employment term. At time of application must be enrolled in a post-secondary education institution or institution of higher learning. Applicants must submit a criminal record check (dated within the last 3 months) from their local police service for approval prior to commencing employment.  Benefits  Division: Operations  Department: Facilities  Rate: $16.28 per hour  Location: Simcoe  Hours: 40 hours per week  Posting Period: December 1, 2021 – until positions are filled (applications received by January 31, 2022 will be considered first, any applications received after will be on a first come first serve basis)  The Corporation of Norfolk County is an equal opportunity employer. Accessibility accommodations are available for all parts of the recruitment process. Applicants need to make their needs known in advance.  Thank you for your interest in this position. Only those to be interviewed will be contacted."
16,17,2023-04-03,"Young Innovations, Inc.",R&D Analytical Chemist,Mid-Senior level,"Brantford, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/r-d-analytical-chemist-at-young-innovations-inc-3548484663?refId=d2I5cb7MzgwLCZ9dqezP3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=6eS4IBCV4vaig29Gz3KJDg%3D%3D&position=17&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Germiphene knows infection control. Starting over 70 years ago servicing the needs of the dental industry with our extensive product range; from disinfection, cleaning, instrument care, oral health, and hand care. Our drive for continued improvement is a daily commitment shown through new product development, strict quality standards and nurturing customer relationships. This has given us a strong foundation to grow our market to provide disinfection products, and hand sanitizers for all healthcare communities, and other government agencies.  We are innovators & manufacturers.  We are professionals.  We are educators.  We are exporters.  We are responsible.  We are looking for like minded individuals to join our team.  Currently we are looking for a R & D Analytical Chemist  Job purpose  Under supervision of R&D Manager, this positionwill be responsible for the support of product development of Germiphene’s infection control and preventive chemical products. The R&D Chemist will perform chemical testing of raw materials and in process/finished/stability products, develop analytical methods, execute method validation/verification, assist in technical writing and formulation.  Duties And Responsibilities  Assist in the Product Development Process to help increase pace of development for Class I and II medical devices, drugs and natural health products. Plan and perform physical and analytical testing to support product development ie. new products, stability samples and raw materials. Research, plan and perform test method development and execute method validation/verification protocols for raw materials and/or finished products Implement qualification, verification and validation strategies in support of analytical methods to be used in QC/R&D laboratories Assist in R&D stability by preparing stability samples, writing stability protocols, create stability specifications, perform physical and analytical testing, entering data/result in software and write reports. Sample raw materials and packaging components for R&D lab inventory. Assist in procurement of new equipment to be used in QC/R&D laboratories Order and maintain inventory of supplies required for day-to-day work Calibrate, maintain and troubleshoot lab equipment. Complete evaluations as outlined in protocols, product / process validations, complaint evaluations, etc. Perform investigations of OOS results or deviations and initiating Change Controls related to existing testing methodologies As a subject matter expert, provide technical support to Quality Assurance, Quality Control, Regulatory Affairs and Operations departments, as required Clearly and effectively, write protocols, reports, and presentations using MS Office products. Formulate prototypes, lab batches and prepare sample requests for internal or external stakeholders. Coordinate the transfer/scale up of manufacturing processes for new products and reformulations from R&D to Production. Use standard statistical methods to determine and interpret results using Excel, Minitab, or any other statistical software. Assist in writing/reviewing standard operating procedures, batch records, packaging records, bill of materials, routings and product specifications for all chemical products. Perform weekly laboratory cleaning duties to maintain a clean working environment and reduce sample/batch contamination. Comply with GMP regulations, standard operating procedures, Good Laboratory Practices & Laboratory safety, and WHMIS in the R & D Analytical Laboratory, redesign of safety protocols according to WHMIS and GLP practices. Will follow the responsibilities as outlined in the Ontario Health and Safety Act. Other duties as assigned  Qualifications  Education:  University degree in Chemistry or related equivalent (MSc preferred)  Skills/Abilities/Characteristics  Ability to work independently and as part of a team Good attention to detail and Analytical thinking Strong verbal and written communication skills Strong chemical background and problem solving skills Strong knowledge of Laboratory Equipment and Procedures Testing Instrumentation – HPLC, GC, mixer, homogenizer, stability chambers, pH determination, fluoride content determination, viscometer and specific gravity Intermediate knowledge of MS Word and Excel Demonstrated ability to manage multiple projects Basic knowledge of statistics, Understanding of Design of Experiments (DOE) Project Management – MS Project or SmartSheets preferred Basic knowledge Product or Process Validations Basic knowledge of cGMP and regulatory requirements (medical device and/or drugs) Basic knowledge of dental products or medical devices Follow all safety and good housekeeping procedures to maintain safe working environment.  Experience  2-4 years of chemistry laboratory experience in medical device, pharmaceutical, or food industry. Applicants with significant internships or a full Co-op term in an applicable field would qualify. 1-3 years of analytical method validation/verification experience Experience with Waters and Agilent instrumentation and Empower software is preferred  Physical Requirements  The ability to lift up to 50 lbs Visual acuity when using instruments, microscopes, etc. Manual dexterity to handle sensitive lab equipment.  Working Conditions  Lab environment, with Sitting and Standing for long periods of time. Requirement to wear various levels of Personal Protective Equipment Occasional exposure to manufacturing plant environment, with some abnormal variations in temperature, unavoidable fumes, noise, dust and atmospheric conditions.  Note: Germiphene is not on a City of Brantford bus route. Candidates and employees must have their own transportation.  In compliance with AODA legislation, if you require an accommodation during any part of the recruitment process please advise Human Resources.  We thank all applicants for their interest in our position, however only those receiving consideration will be contacted."
17,18,2023-03-31,Athena Infonomics,Athena Infonomics - Associate - Business Development,Entry level,"Delhi, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/athena-infonomics-associate-business-development-at-athena-infonomics-3582005396?refId=d2I5cb7MzgwLCZ9dqezP3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=SS9lYM9UC1XJh2cB%2FoO6NA%3D%3D&position=18&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Associate - Business Development (1-2 Us  Celebrating over twelve years of innovative and collaborative work, Athena Infonomics has established itself as a data-driven global consultancy that leverages social science research, data science, and technology to provide user-centric, context-specific solutions and advice to decision makers. Our multidisciplinary and multi-cultural team spread across Asia, Africa, North America and Europe exemplify extensive experience in designing and applying research methods to co-design and co-produce useful research that is inclusive and relevant.  Role And Responsibilities  Identify, analyze and disseminate relevant opportunities across various international and national clients' portals and presenting them to the team. Maintain the opportunities pipeline and internal BD KMS and coordinate with various clients for preproposal activities like pre bid meetings etc. Participate in BD review meetings and prepare requisite periodical reports for management review. Support the team in mapping suitable partners across various geographies. Also as required do a competitor analysis. Support the team for mapping and sourcing of external experts across various geographies. Provide analytical support in terms of understanding the key clients of Athena by researching on their priorities- sectors, geographies, partners; landscape analysis, analysis of their funding etc. Contribute to various sections of proposals and briefers, including past performance references, corporate capabilities, etc. Contribute to building and maintain the BD knowledge management efforts of the organization. Support business intelligence gathering, contribute to capture efforts, and support various proposal tasks. Support cross-functional proposal teams to design and produce high quality submissions that comply with clients' requirements and distinguish Athena as a partner of choice Support development of corporate capability statements and other marketing materials. Market research activities to support the identification and sourcing of new business opportunities. Utilize his/ her skills and networks to identify high-quality and compliant candidates as well as partner organizations for potential inclusion on proposals, both national and international. Preparing and reporting of key business development analytics and metrics.  We are looking for team members, not mere employees, who share our passion for excellence and want to participate in the process building an institution. We offer an enabling environment where individuals are encouraged to take on responsibility and learn by doing.  Required Qualifications  Graduate / Postgraduate in international development or related field. At least 1-2 years of Business Development support experience. Strong writing, analytical and research skills. Demonstrated MS Office skills, including experience with MS Word and Excel. Strong ability to manage diverse teams spanning different time zones. An ability to perform under pressure and meet deadlines while delivering high quality technical work. Attention to detail and good time management.  Additional Requirements  This position requires successful completion of a reference check and employment verification. The successful candidate must not be subject to employment restrictions from a former employer (such as a non-compete) that would prevent the candidate from performing the job responsibilities as described. Only candidates who have India work authorization will be mention ""Application for Associate - Business Development, 2023"" in the subject line. Only shortlisted candidates will be contacted for further steps.  Current CTC  Expected CTC:  Notice Period  Current City:  Home City  Athena's Work Culture:  At Athena, we function in an outcomes-based work environment with flexible hours and a high level of autonomy. Professional development and thought leadership are key elements of our business model: we support our team members' professional growth through on-the-job training, and we encourage the cultivation of our colleagues' personal brands through participation in panels, events, publications, and other thought-leadership opportunities. We embrace a transparent, open work environment with meaningful leadership pathways for those with inventive ideas and initiatives.  Athena Infonomics is an Equal Opportunities Employer  Athena Infonomics is an equal opportunity employer with a commitment to diversity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. (ref:iimjobs.com)"
18,19,2023-03-29,Paytm,Collections - Junior Manager (Delhi),Not Applicable,"Delhi, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/collections-junior-manager-delhi-at-paytm-3575079888?refId=d2I5cb7MzgwLCZ9dqezP3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=IqkTPnNAA4LKUwW5irCAcw%3D%3D&position=19&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"About Us:  Paytm is India’s leading digital payments and financial services company, which is focused on driving consumers and merchants to its platform by offering them a variety of payment use cases. Paytm provides consumers with services like utility payments and money transfers, while empowering them to pay via Paytm Payment Instruments (PPI) like Paytm Wallet, Paytm UPI, Paytm Payments Bank Netbanking, Paytm FASTag and Paytm Postpaid - Buy Now, Pay Later. To merchants, Paytm offers acquiring devices like Soundbox, EDC, QR and Payment Gateway where payment aggregation is done through PPI and also other banks’ financial instruments. To further enhance merchants’ business, Paytm offers merchants commerce services through advertising and Paytm Mini app store. Operating on this platform leverage, the company then offers credit services such as merchant loans, personal loans and BNPL, sourced by its financial partners.  About the team: Liaison between the creditors and consumers. They are in charge of observing accounts to identify overdue payments, report collection activity, address client queries, and develop repayment plans.  About the role: Collection Team Lead will be responsible for collection targets of the assigned branches. They will be required to meet the target of assigned product. Follow the legal guidelines for collection agencies & in-house collections.  Expectations/ Requirements:  To achieve collection targets of the Respective Branch assigned Meeting the Target on the product assigned for Collections Ensuring legal guidelines are compiled for entire collection structure in letter and sprits Ensure that the collection agencies and In-house collectors adhere to the legal guidelines provided by the law in force Ensure adherence to the Code of Conduct Continuously monitoring collection agencies and In-house collectors to identify fraudulent practices and ensure that no loss is incurred due to such activities  Superpowers/ Skills that will help you succeed in this role:  More than 1 year of relevant experience in Collections role Excellent Communication Skills Negotiations skills - strong bias for driving results in a High performance environment Strong Relationship and Leadership skills Working Knowledge of Computers Growth Mindset Demonstrated success and achievement orientation Willingness to experiment and improve continuously  Education: graduate in any specialization  Why join us:  A collaborative output driven program that brings cohesiveness across businesses through technology Improve the average revenue per use by increasing the cross-sell opportunities A solid 360-degree feedback from your peer teams on your support of their goals Respect, that is earned, not demanded from your peers and manager  Compensation:  If you are the right fit, we believe in creating wealth for you  With enviable 500 mn+ registered users, 21 mn+ merchants and depth of data in our ecosystem, we are in a unique position to democratize credit for deserving consumers & merchants – and we are committed to it. India’s largest digital lending story is brewing here. It’s your opportunity to be a part of the story!"
19,20,2023-03-29,RoundGlass,"Associate, CRM",Not Applicable,"Delhi, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/associate-crm-at-roundglass-3575082941?refId=d2I5cb7MzgwLCZ9dqezP3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=4HJ6WwMOB3gtR%2FPSnmLZrA%3D%3D&position=20&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"We’re looking for an ambitious, hard-working, data-driven marketer with experience in designing, managing and optimizing integrated global CRM demand generation campaigns drive for our B2C and B2B offerings. .  What you’ll do:  Manage the strategy, forecasting, budgeting and reporting for our CRM campaigns Setup advanced Hubspot / Braze lead nurturing campaigns. Create emails, landing pages, forms and reports within the automation tool Manage end-to-end demand gen campaigns for prospects, partners, and customers including email marketing, landing pages, list uploads, target segmentation, and post-campaign reporting Conduct continuous A/B tests to improve both landing page conversion and email open/click through rates Forecast, measure, analyse and report (weekly, monthly, quarterly) on the impact of demand generation programs on sales pipeline, revenue and sales cycle length Proactively partner with Sales and Inside Sales teams to optimize workflow, ensuring delivery of highly qualified leads, seamless interactions for prospect, and encourage driving qualified sales leads to closure Manage service-level agreements with Sales & Inside Sales on lead definitions, lead acceptance/rejection reasons, and disqualification reasons that feed into appropriate nurture streams when applicable Understand and oversee the management and continual optimization of the flow of leads through the lead lifecycle across the various funnel stages and operational processes (i.e. capture, nurture, score, distribute, close) Work across Marketing to design, execute and optimize segment specific demand generation multi-channel programs including inbound, outbound, ABM, events, influencer marketing and channel programs to attract, capture, nurture and convert prospects  Who we’re looking for:  8+ years of experience managing marketing automation, marketing operations, demand generation, digital marketing 4+ years of any marketing automation tool experience is desired. Demonstrated track record of success including marketing activities, design studio, lead database, and reporting Top program / project management skills to see projects through to conclusion and achieve results Strong communication skills with the ability to write convincing emails and landing page copy, deriving from existing assets Ability to work in a fast-paced startup environment Self-motivated and self-managed. Desire to grow in your career. Positive, upbeat attitude  Why RoundGlass:  RoundGlass was built on the vision that wellbeing should be at the very center of our life journey. We are not only reimagining how the world experiences wellbeing, but how companies (like our own) support the wellbeing of their people.  We’re a group of talented, socially-conscious, gritty, innovators using technology and human energy to create a vibrant wellness ecosystem. Together, we’ve built an amazing community and we are always looking for people who share our passion. To learn more, visit our Website, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn.  RoundGlass does not discriminate against race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy (including childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, genetic information (including characteristics and testing), military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law.  We rely on legitimate interest as a legal basis for processing personal information under the GDPR for purposes of recruitment and applications for employment."
20,21,2023-03-29,Paytm,Channel Manager Online - Assistant General Manager,Not Applicable,"Delhi, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/channel-manager-online-assistant-general-manager-at-paytm-3575080439?refId=d2I5cb7MzgwLCZ9dqezP3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=8dNloZYpI0gzRKwCCHz6CA%3D%3D&position=21&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"About Us: Paytm is India's leading financial services company that offers full-stack payments financial solutions to consumers, offline merchants, and online platforms. The company is on a mission to bring half a billion Indians into the mainstream economy through payments, commerce, banking, investments, and financial services. One97 Communications Limited which owns the brand Paytm is founded by Vijay Shekhar Sharma.  About the team: Affordability at Paytm is an Omni channel team that drives the EMI business at the point of sale, both for online and offline merchants. We partner with various OEMs / brands and merchant partners to offer affordability to the customers.  Expectations/ Requirements:  Work closely with the PG team to Drive EMI business from an existing set of clients Activate EMI for potential merchants Active conversations with partners to drive wallet share Work with issuers through offers/campaigns Identify and acquire new Paytm clients who are EMI’s first brands Closely work with the online team to jointly pitch the EMI proposition Liaise with the Online product team for developments required  Superpowers/ Skills that will help you succeed in this role:  Knowledge of payment gateway business is a must Client-facing sales and account management experience Understanding of Technology and User Experience Good negotiation skills Stakeholder management – working in internal teams to drive numbers Channel management  Why join us:  A collaborative output-driven program that brings cohesiveness across businesses through technology. Improve the average revenue per use by increasing the cross-sell opportunities. A solid 360 feedback from your peer teams on supporting their goals. Respect, that is earned, not demanded from your peers and manager  Compensation:  If you are the right fit, we believe in creating wealth for you. With enviable 500 mn+ registered users, 21 mn+ merchants, and depth of data in our ecosystem, we are in a unique position to democratize credit for deserving consumers & merchants – and we are committed to it. India’s largest digital lending story is brewing here. It’s your opportunity to be a part of the story!"
21,22,2023-03-31,Confidential Jobs,Chief Executive Officer (CEO),Executive,"Ohsweken, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/chief-executive-officer-ceo-at-confidential-jobs-3582053235?refId=d2I5cb7MzgwLCZ9dqezP3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=OGKwyMaZvYeQLAqi5UealQ%3D%3D&position=22&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"About The Company  Respectable national charity organization supporting & empowering indigenous youth in their career path of choice  Industry  Non-Profit Organization Management  Type  Non Profit  Founded  2007  Employees  11-50  Specialties  High school Credit Indigenous Education Dance Leadership Training Mentorship Work Study Program and Career support  About The Role  The Chief Executive Officer (CEO) will be responsible for providing strategic leadership and executive direction to continue the organization's mission of youth empowerment while advancing its vision and priorities.  Hiring Manager Title  Board of Directors  Travel Percent  Less than 10%  Functions  CEO/President Operations General Management Strategy  Known Requirements  Master's degree in the relevant field with over 12 years' experience in a senior management position required Substantial experience gained working directly in the non-profit field, in addition to prior experience leading and scaling a regional or national performance- and outcomes-based organization required Unwavering commitment to quality programs and strong data-driven program evaluation required Superior project management skills and extensive administration and management experience required"
22,23,2023-04-25,Paytm,Regional Collections Manager - Delhi,Not Applicable,"Delhi, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/regional-collections-manager-delhi-at-paytm-3580507283?refId=d2I5cb7MzgwLCZ9dqezP3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=hittvsMWvwLlnNgQrWf9yw%3D%3D&position=23&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"About Us:  Paytm is India’s leading digital payments and financial services company, which is focused on driving consumers and merchants to its platform by offering them a variety of payment use cases. Paytm provides consumers with services like utility payments and money transfers, while empowering them to pay via Paytm Payment Instruments (PPI) like Paytm Wallet, Paytm UPI, Paytm Payments Bank Netbanking, Paytm FASTag and Paytm Postpaid - Buy Now, Pay Later. To merchants, Paytm offers acquiring devices like Soundbox, EDC, QR and Payment Gateway where payment aggregation is done through PPI and also other banks’ financial instruments. To further enhance merchants’ business, Paytm offers merchants commerce services through advertising and Paytm Mini app store. Operating on this platform leverage, the company then offers credit services such as merchant loans, personal loans and BNPL, sourced by its financial partners.  About the team: Liaison between the creditors and consumers. They are in charge of observing accounts to identify overdue payments, report collection activity, address client queries, and develop repayment plans.  About the role: Collection Team Lead will be responsible for collection targets of the assigned branches. They will be required to meet the target of assigned product. Follow the legal guidelines for collection agencies & in-house collections.  Expectations/ Requirements:  To Achieve Collection targets of the area assigned, control flow cases and focus on non starters Ensured documented feedback Ensure Adequate feet on Street availability/bucket wise /segment wise Manage productivity for fixing productivity parameters for Collection Officers Agencies/In-house team Monitoring performance against set parameters and weekly review with Collection executives Ensuring background check of all collection agencies hired/Identify and manage training needs of the Collection Executives/ Evaluation of performance of all CE Support Collection officers in legal /Police issues/Collection Activities  Superpowers/ Skills that will help you succeed in this role:  People Management Skills More than 5 years of relevant experience in Collections role Demonstrated Success and achievement orientation Excellent Communication Skills Negotiations skills - strong bias for driving results in a High performance environment Strong Relationship and Leadership skills Working Knowledge of Computers  Education: graduate in any specialization  Why join us:  A collaborative output driven program that brings cohesiveness across businesses through technology Improve the average revenue per use by increasing the cross-sell opportunities A solid 360-degree feedback from your peer teams on your support of their goals Respect, that is earned, not demanded from your peers and manager  Compensation:  If you are the right fit, we believe in creating wealth for you  With enviable 500 mn+ registered users, 21 mn+ merchants and depth of data in our ecosystem, we are in a unique position to democratize credit for deserving consumers & merchants – and we are committed to it. India’s largest digital lending story is brewing here. It’s your opportunity to be a part of the story!"
23,24,2023-04-21,Home and Community Care Support Services Hamilton Niagara Haldimand Brant,Permanent Full Time Care Coordinator – Primary Care Partnership,Entry level,"Brantford, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/permanent-full-time-care-coordinator-%E2%80%93-primary-care-partnership-at-home-and-community-care-support-services-hamilton-niagara-haldimand-brant-3579958952?refId=d2I5cb7MzgwLCZ9dqezP3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=FaeXtujAEGcsJ%2Bod5hSrBg%3D%3D&position=24&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"CARE AND BE CARED FOR – THIS IS YOUR HOME  Are you an experienced registered nurse, physiotherapist, occupational therapist, social worker (MSW), dietician, or speech language pathologist seeking a rewarding career that cares for others, in a professional practice that cares for you? You’re looking in the right place.  If so, take a look at this rewarding career opportunity working alongside a supportive and collaborative team of over 8,000 regulated health care and other professionals. We are amid a momentous time for health care in Ontario as we move to a more connected health care system through the Ontario Health Teams model of care.  As a Primary Care Partnership Care Coordinator within Home and Community Care Support Services, you will assess and determine patient care needs and eligibility, provide access and referrals to community services, and engage with patients, caregivers and other health care practitioners. You will be embedded within primary care practice(s) and provide patient centered system navigation, intensive case management and coordination of services to patients and their primary care provider (including but not limited to Community Health Centre, Family Health Team, and other primary care models, including fee for service practices).  What do we offer?  We know wellness is supported with work-life balance. In an inclusive culture committed to support your passion for continuous learning, growth and innovation, we offer  Attractive comprehensive compensation packages and benefits Valuable development opportunities Membership in a world class defined benefit pension plan  What will you do?  Establish goals in collaboration with the patient to ensure goals reflect the patient’s desired outcome, within the resource parameters of Home and Community Care Support Services Collaborate and Interpret HCCSS HNHB services with patients and their families, assess care needs, determine eligibility for services, and develop individual care and service plans The CC acts as a key resource to patients, families, primary care physicians and partners regarding Home and Community Care Support Services (HCCSS) HNHB health, mental health and addictions, and community/social supports Facilitate information exchange across providers in multiple settings and sectors, in the support of creating the system-wide team where all health care providers contribute to the care plan The CC must have excellent communication and leadership skills such as; problem solving, critical thinking, negotiating and conflict resolution The CC will ensure seamless transitions for the patient by acting as a liaison between patients and Community Support Services The CC will be responsible for ensuring cost effective patient care by utilizing resources efficiently and collecting necessary data on patient care to support the evaluation of outcomes of integrated care delivery To negotiate visits frequency with patient and service providers and problem solve discrepancies regarding billing with service providers.  What you must have?  Membership, in good standing, with the applicable regulatory body  College of Nurses of Ontario College of Physiotherapists of Ontario College of Occupational Therapists of Ontario College of Audiologists and Speech Language Pathologists of Ontario Ontario College of Social Workers and Social Service Workers College of Dietitians of Ontario 2+ years of recent experience in community health or a related field Knowledge of the health care delivery system and community resources Excellent interpersonal, communication, assessment, problem-solving and decision-making skills Effective time management, prioritization and organizational skills, with the ability to work independently and co-operatively in a busy multidisciplinary environment A valid driver’s licence and access to a reliable vehicle Proficient in a Windows environment We have a mandatory COVID-19 vaccination policy. As a condition of employment, all employees are required to submit proof of COVID-19 vaccination status prior to start date  What would give you the edge?  Experience working with diverse patient groups, e.g., multicultural, homeless, palliative, acquired brain injury (ABI), mental health, geriatrics, pediatrics Case management experience or recent related community experience Established ability to accurately complete required documentation, reports and forms Sound understanding of social determinates of health (SDOH) and experience with individuals living with mental health issues an asset Ability to speak French or another second language  Who we are?  We are Home and Community Care Support Services, ready to serve every person in Ontario. We partner with patients and caregivers, primary care providers, hospitals, long-term care and retirement homes, service providers and Ontario Health Teams, to deliver responsive, accessible, integrated, patient-centered care.  Why join us?  If you’re interested in driving excellence in care and service delivery, and seeking an unparalleled opportunity to lead and learn, partner and connect, care and be cared for, this is your home.  Equity, Inclusion, Diversity and Anti-Racism Commitment  Home and Community Care Support Services is committed to a culture of equity, inclusion, diversity and anti-racism. We are committed to attracting, engaging and developing a workforce that reflects the diverse communities we serve. We welcome and encourage applications from all qualified applicants. Accommodations for persons with disabilities required during the recruitment process are available upon request.  THIS JOB DESCRIPTION IS A GENERAL SUMMARY ONLY AND IS NOT INTENDED AS A COMPLETE LISTING OF ALL DUTIES AND/OR ACTIVITIES RELATED TO THE JOB. ALTERATIONS MAY BE MADE FROM TIME TO TIME AS NECESSARY.  We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted."
24,25,2023-03-31,Confidential Jobs,Chief Executive Officer (CEO),Executive,"Brantford, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/chief-executive-officer-ceo-at-confidential-jobs-3582053220?refId=d2I5cb7MzgwLCZ9dqezP3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=2L6Gt8kUw3%2FBx0uVb8Ph7A%3D%3D&position=25&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"About The Company  Respectable national charity organization supporting & empowering indigenous youth in their career path of choice  Industry  Non-Profit Organization Management  Type  Non Profit  Founded  2007  Employees  11-50  Specialties  High school Credit Indigenous Education Dance Leadership Training Mentorship Work Study Program and Career support  About The Role  The Chief Executive Officer (CEO) will be responsible for providing strategic leadership and executive direction to continue the organization's mission of youth empowerment while advancing its vision and priorities.  Hiring Manager Title  Board of Directors  Travel Percent  Less than 10%  Functions  CEO/President Operations General Management Strategy  Known Requirements  Master's degree in the relevant field with over 12 years' experience in a senior management position required Substantial experience gained working directly in the non-profit field, in addition to prior experience leading and scaling a regional or national performance- and outcomes-based organization required Unwavering commitment to quality programs and strong data-driven program evaluation required Superior project management skills and extensive administration and management experience required"
25,26,2023-03-31,Confidential Jobs,Chief Executive Officer (CEO),Executive,"Brantford, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/chief-executive-officer-ceo-at-confidential-jobs-3582053220?refId=NvlrIy%2FaiODcWxA7lw9%2FQg%3D%3D&trackingId=Uuijg9eJ5mqcIlk8tVF6tQ%3D%3D&position=1&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"About The Company  Respectable national charity organization supporting & empowering indigenous youth in their career path of choice  Industry  Non-Profit Organization Management  Type  Non Profit  Founded  2007  Employees  11-50  Specialties  High school Credit Indigenous Education Dance Leadership Training Mentorship Work Study Program and Career support  About The Role  The Chief Executive Officer (CEO) will be responsible for providing strategic leadership and executive direction to continue the organization's mission of youth empowerment while advancing its vision and priorities.  Hiring Manager Title  Board of Directors  Travel Percent  Less than 10%  Functions  CEO/President Operations General Management Strategy  Known Requirements  Master's degree in the relevant field with over 12 years' experience in a senior management position required Substantial experience gained working directly in the non-profit field, in addition to prior experience leading and scaling a regional or national performance- and outcomes-based organization required Unwavering commitment to quality programs and strong data-driven program evaluation required Superior project management skills and extensive administration and management experience required"
26,27,2023-04-22,Marwood International Inc.,Full Stack Developer,Entry level,"Ingersoll, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/full-stack-developer-at-marwood-international-inc-3576899195?refId=NvlrIy%2FaiODcWxA7lw9%2FQg%3D%3D&trackingId=zY5IL4u0LdtT%2FHKqzKSZcw%3D%3D&position=2&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"(Mix of On Site/Remote Work)  Location: Ingersoll, ON  Shift Available: Day Shift  Why Join Marwood?  Who We Are  Marwood International Inc. is a full service, award-winning, Tier I and 2 automotive OEM structural components and modular assembly supplier, that focuses on waste elimination and light-weighting initiatives from prototypes to full volume products to end of life service parts throughout Canada, US and Japan. Marwood is also a well-established Canadian owned manufacturing company which have been in the industry for 30+ years! We are community oriented, and focused on health and wellness.  We are happy to have you join our team!  We Offer  Competitive Pay plus premiums GREAT benefits and Perks: dental, medical and vision coverage, as well as outstanding pension plan and more Also, company provided uniforms!  Apply today to speak with our recruiter!  Responsibilities  Your Role and Responsibilities:  Design, implement, test, and maintain web/mobile/desktop application for smart factory platform and QMS Work with teams to maximize data collection, reporting, and improved efficiency Optimize existing programming Prepare documentation as needed All other relevant duties  Skills/ Capabilities  Ability to work in an Agile environment Desire to work in a fast-paced environment.  Key Requirements  Grade 12, GED, or equivalent Diploma or degree in computer science or related field or equivalent work experience Minimum 2-5 years' experience in web development technologies  Additional Technical And Professional Requirements  Experience with RejactJS, iOS, Android Experience with UI / UX design, software testing Exposure to manufacturing technologies such as IIoT, data collection, OEE, scheduling, and factory automation Extensive C# ASP.NET MVC Web API, HTML, CSS Bootstrap, JQuery, AJAX, JavaScript coding & debugging experience Extensive hands on knowledge of UI JavaScript, its quirks, and workarounds Experience of writing REST Web APIs Understanding of database concept, SQL programming, and data design Experience with responsive design for web/mobile/desktop applications Good understanding of browser rendering behaviour and performance Hands on experience in debugging the code using Chrome Developer Tools  We are committed to giving people with disabilities an equal opportunity to provide feedback, and access any information they may need. Please advise if you require accommodation.  We would like to thank all candidates for expressing interest however, only those selected for interviews will be contacted. Pre-employment screening will be required.  For more information, please visit our website: www.marwoodinternational.com"
27,28,2023-04-18,PwC Canada,Manager,Mid-Senior level,"Delhi, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/manager-at-pwc-canada-3574747308?refId=NvlrIy%2FaiODcWxA7lw9%2FQg%3D%3D&trackingId=J9QpmpLAtYqoCXH1KbIlFA%3D%3D&position=3&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Line of Service Advisory  Industry/Sector Not Applicable  Specialism Operations  Management Level Manager  Job Description & Summary A career within Technology Strategy services, will provide you with the opportunity to help organisations develop strategies that transform their technology capabilities and solve their most critical challenges. We focus on building technology enabled and agile operating models, planning their new enterprise architecture into a differentiating capability system that helps them win in the market, leveraging digital analytics to enhance the customer experience and optimising business operations, and using modern management techniques such as robotic process automation and next generation sourcing strategies to help our clients get fit for growth.   To really stand out and make us fit for the future in a constantly changing world, each and every one of us at PwC needs to be a purpose-led and values-driven leader at every level. To help us achieve this we have the PwC Professional; our global leadership development framework. It gives us a single set of expectations across our lines, geographies and career paths, and provides transparency on the skills we need as individuals to be successful and progress in our careers, now and in the future.  As a Manager, you'll work as part of a team of problem solvers, helping to solve complex business issues from strategy to execution. PwC Professional skills and responsibilities for this management level include but are not limited to:  Develop new skills outside of comfort zone. Act to resolve issues which prevent the team working effectively. Coach others, recognise their strengths, and encourage them to take ownership of their personal development. Analyse complex ideas or proposals and build a range of meaningful recommendations. Use multiple sources of information including broader stakeholder views to develop solutions and recommendations. Address sub-standard work or work that does not meet firm's/client's expectations. Use data and insights to inform conclusions and support decision-making. Develop a point of view on key global trends, and how they impact clients. Manage a variety of viewpoints to build consensus and create positive outcomes for all parties. Simplify complex messages, highlighting and summarising key points. Uphold the firm's code of ethics and business conduct.   Qualification - B.E  Experience - 10 Years  Mandatory Skill - Solution Architect    Education (if blank, degree and/or field of study not specified) Degrees/Field of Study required:  Degrees/Field of Study preferred:  Certifications (if blank, certifications not specified)  Required Skills Solution Architecture  Optional Skills  Desired Languages (If blank, desired languages not specified)  Travel Requirements  Available for Work Visa Sponsorship?  Government Clearance Required?  Job Posting End Date"
28,29,2023-04-20,Enbridge,Analyst Contact Centre,Entry level,"Brantford, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/analyst-contact-centre-at-enbridge-3574542978?refId=NvlrIy%2FaiODcWxA7lw9%2FQg%3D%3D&trackingId=o9Hs8Pc%2BAo4KY7gz1RBhNw%3D%3D&position=4&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Posting End Date  May 05, 2023  Employee Type  Regular-Full time  Union/Non  This is a non-union position  With over 4 million customers across Ontario, our Contact Centre is always ready to answer any questions related to natural gas services!  One of the key components to our successful operations is our Analyst Contact Centre who is responsible for ensuring the effective and efficient operation of the Contact Centre while maintaining a positive work environment.  This role provides that opportunity through real-time monitoring of queues, reporting, analysis, and scheduling. If you are knowledgeable in many aspects of call centre operations, have a strong attention to detail, and a track record of delivering excellence each and every day, then this role is for you!  We offer opportunities for growth, a competitive benefits and pension plan, and generous time off. Apply today to this exciting opportunity! #joinourteam  Note: Internally this role is referred to as Analyst Contact Centre.  What You Will Do Monitor and evaluate workgroups using real-time and historical data. As a team, be an integral part of workload planning and scheduling activities. Build, refine, and maintain Call Centre statistical reports using a range of applications. Review data, complete root cause analysis, recommend, and implement solutions. Build and maintain daily, weekly & monthly Contact Centre metrics. Provide basic on-site technical support for users within the Contact Centres and co-ordinate resolution of larger issues with our technical support teams. Participate in Contact Centre projects, including design, planning, and testing, and support for implementation. Cover and support the team as needed. Who You Are Related university degree or technical diploma with limited experience OR a combination of related certification and a minimum of 5 years directly related experience. Experience with the Pure Connect Suite of Products preferred including, IC Business Manager, Interaction Optimizer, and Interaction Administrator. Previous Contact Centre workforce management experience. Advanced excel skills (e.g. creating/manipulating pivot tables). Proficient with running, exporting, and modifying reports from BI. Excellent communication and time management skills. Strong interpersonal skills to ensure effective management of relationships with client groups. Dependable and Reliable. Able to work efficiently independently as well as in a team environment. Working Conditions  This team offers the option of having a compressed workweek with increased working hours on other days of the week.  Diversity and inclusion are important to us. Enbridge is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. We are committed to providing employment opportunities to all qualified individuals, without regard to age, race, color, national or ethnic origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, family status, veteran status, Indigenous/Native American status, or disability. Applicants with disabilities can request accessible formats, communication supports, or other accessibility assistance by contacting careers@enbridge.com.  Information For Applicants Applications can be submitted via our online recruiting system only. We appreciate your interest in working with us; however, only those applicants selected for interviews will be contacted. Final candidates for this position may be required to undergo a security screening, including a criminal records check. To learn more about us, visit www.enbridge.com"
29,30,2022-11-02,RoundGlass,SharePoint Administrator,Not Applicable,"Delhi, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/sharepoint-administrator-at-roundglass-3366348689?refId=NvlrIy%2FaiODcWxA7lw9%2FQg%3D%3D&trackingId=CggxvwquRwrIF1FRbl0oIQ%3D%3D&position=5&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"We are looking for a SharePoint administrator to manage our SharePoint environment. You will be configuring our SharePoint platform, adding document libraries, and developing shared storage space and backup procedures.  To ensure success in this role, you should exhibit solid knowledge of Windows operating systems and the ability to create a positive experience for end-users and display expertise in smooth integration and efficient online collaboration.  What you’ll do:  Installing the SharePoint platform, integrating applications, and creating libraries Performing maintenance of the SharePoint platform, servers, and intranet Troubleshooting and resolving SharePoint issues or malfunctions Knowledge of SharePoint Online and Power apps, Power automate, and PP admin role Microsoft CDS - Familiarity with the integration of Power Apps Common Data Services and other sources and knowledge of data design and migration practices Power Automate – ability to create and manage Power Automate flows, troubleshoot errors, and understanding of data connections across various platforms including SharePoint & Power Apps. Manage ongoing maintenance of Flows, looking at ways to improve efficiency and stability and handle issues Power Apps – ability to create simple apps to enable Power Automate Flows at the user end Power BI (although slightly less priority than the above) – Ideally ability to build simple dashboards to track and summarise activity and output from Power Automate Flows Managing Power BI Premium Capacities and assigning Workspaces that include Workspace and Group Management Performing data retrieval and backup procedures to prevent data loss Keeping up to date with SharePoint developments and performing version updates and upgrades Provide SharePoint administration and technical support for O365 Enterprise SharePoint and on-premise environments Design, configure, manage, and maintain comprehensive site collection, site, and list level usage reports and usability analysis Allocate additional Storage Quota to the site collections as they reach the maximum storage limit set by default Identify and report governance violations for Enterprise SharePoint using DLP and IRM configurations for O365 SharePoint and on-premise environments Work on tickets and service requests for Microsoft Office 365 SharePoint Online O365 Enterprise SharePoint and on-premise environments meeting the SLAs in the ITSM system Design, configure, and maintain enterprise taxonomy, terms, and keywords for the term store Support Microsoft One Drive for Business sync issues and work with the users to recover data lost  Who we’re looking for:  Microsoft certification would be an added advantage Masters’/Bachelor’s degree with 6-8 years of experience ITIL V3 is also preferred Good experience with the Microsoft Power Platform Administration Foundation Experience working with Microsoft Power Platform (PowerApps / Flow) Experienced with Power BI for Compliance, Auditing, Data Privacy, Data Classification, Security, and Controlling Access to Power BI  Why RoundGlass:  RoundGlass was built on the vision that wellbeing should be at the very center of our life journey. We are not only reimagining how the world experiences wellbeing, but how companies (like our own) support the wellbeing of their people.  We’re a group of talented, socially-conscious, gritty, innovators using technology and human energy to create a vibrant wellness ecosystem. Together, we’ve built an amazing community and we are always looking for people who share our passion. To learn more, visit our Website, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn.  RoundGlass does not discriminate against race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy (including childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, genetic information (including characteristics and testing), military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law.  We rely on legitimate interest as a legal basis for processing personal information under the GDPR for purposes of recruitment and applications for employment."
30,31,2023-04-04,Adecco,Mechanical Engineer,Entry level,"Brantford, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/mechanical-engineer-at-adecco-3554366877?refId=NvlrIy%2FaiODcWxA7lw9%2FQg%3D%3D&trackingId=BjFDw2RqD2%2BQvQokh7cKyA%3D%3D&position=6&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Our Client is Canada's largest designer and manufacturer of Poleline Hardware, which includes a full line of Transmission and Distribution products. We service the OEM market including the agricultural, mining and other industries. Our in-house processes include forgings, hot / cold stampings and weldments.  Our Company is growing and we are currently looking for an Engineer to join the team!  Why Work at here? Excellent company paid benefit and wellness package Group RRSP (5% Company Contribution and 4% matching) 3 weeks vacation to start Employee Family Assistance Program Employee events throughout the year (i.e. food truck days, ice cream days, giveaways) Bi-monthly Company Newsletter Opportunities for career development Position Summary To perform engineering analysis, calculations and detail design of new and existing products. To manage technical projects including new product design, process analysis, tooling & equipment reviews, and technical data analysis. To review and verify work of others within the Engineering department under the direction of the Manager. To interface with suppliers and customers as required. Responsibilities Responsible for managing technical projects to completion in a timely and cost-effective manner. Responsible for detail design and development of products and processes within defined objectives. Performing calculations and layouts required to achieve final design drawings. Maintenance of existing product designs including reviews for improvements or cost reductions. Technical support for customers, suppliers and other departments. Create and maintain bills of materials, shop routings and design files including specs, drawings, etc Review and approve work by others in the technical team under the direction of the Product Engineering Manager. Provide cost estimates to Sales as required. Other duties as assigned. Knowledge and Experience Engineering degree (Professional Engineer Ontario designation considered an asset). Experience in mechanical design of products, materials properties and selection, stress analysis. Experience managing technical projects from concept to production. Experience working within a technical team and providing guidance to junior staff. Experience with, and ability to read technical specifications, industry standards and manufacturing documentation. Production of accurate, clear detail and assembly drawings using AutoCAD & SolidWorks in compliance with drafting standards. Experience with various manufacturing processes, their advantages and limitations including hot work, stamping, machining, heat treatment and finishing. Experience with mechanical testing equipment, methods and knowledge of ISO9001 Quality System. Experience in building cost estimates for manufactured products. Practical experience of product application with respect to fit / form / function evaluations and safety assessments. Excellent verbal and written communication skills."
31,32,2023-03-28,Dot Foods,Operations Support Manager,Mid-Senior level,"Ingersoll, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/operations-support-manager-at-dot-foods-3580248218?refId=NvlrIy%2FaiODcWxA7lw9%2FQg%3D%3D&trackingId=DWaaJ0XK5OsnNjcc7%2BtT9A%3D%3D&position=7&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Location Ingersoll, ON Department Warehouse Operations Reports To Director of Warehouse  Your Role This position involves the day-to-day management of various operational sup-departments as well as working with the rest of the management team to drive results with operational flow for both warehouse and DTI.  Hires/ supervises various operational sup-departments. Coordinates monthly work schedules. Oversees personnel development, including evaluations and training plans. Develops, analyzes, and reinforces appropriate sub-department policies. Conducts monthly staff meetings and helps manage sub-committees. Budgets for various operational sup-departments. Maintains safe workplace actions/ conditions for self and co-workers. Leads continuous improvement efforts while applying lean tools and thinking to identify and eliminate waste.  Role Specifics  Supervision – Oversees various operational sup-departments. Travel – Approx. 3-5 times per year to company meetings and planning events. Must have ability to travel independently as needed, without restriction by all modes of transportation, including car, plane, or train.  What Can Dot Offer You?  As a family-owned and -operated company since 1960, Dot Foods has created a strong family culture within the business. As a vital part of that family unit, we want to ensure you feel included and respected for any differing ideas. We appreciate those opinions and count on them to make us successful. In addition to an inclusive working environment, we will provide you with  A friendly working environment Salary Grade 16 Highly competitive compensation and benefits package Significant advancement opportunities  Safety This position assume responsibility for the workplace safety of self and co-workers, and for the safety conditions of the work locations, exercise and promotes safe behaviors and show unyielding support of programs, rules and policies regarding safety.  EOE/AA Employer Dot believes all persons are entitled to equal employment opportunities. Dot will not discriminate against its employees or applicants for employment because of sex, race, color, religion, national origin, age, sexual orientation, disability, or veteran status or other basic classes protected by applicable federal or state law provided they are qualified for employment or for existing positions.  We Need You To Have  Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent Dot Foods’ experience. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Strong leadership, planning, and organizational skills. Aptitude for budget development and business analysis. Excellent computer skills, including Microsoft Office programs.  We’d Like You To Have  Previous successful leadership experience. Ability to analyze and interpret statistical data. Ability to work with/incorporate changes quickly, efficiently, and accurately. Product integrity investigation and support experience. Willingness to pursue opportunities for ongoing education and acquire knowledge to increase skills."
32,33,2023-04-26,3 Step Recruitment Inc.,Quality Assurance Manager,Mid-Senior level,"Brantford, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/quality-assurance-manager-at-3-step-recruitment-inc-3586845296?refId=NvlrIy%2FaiODcWxA7lw9%2FQg%3D%3D&trackingId=lgRW%2B%2B6NE%2F6O%2FzdQ06q3JA%3D%3D&position=8&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"ur client, a successful leading North American manufacturer for over 75 years of commercial refrigeration products, is seeking a Manufacturing Specialist/Quality Assurance Manager to join their growing team of professionals.  As the Manufacturing Specialist/Quality Assurance Manager, you will be responsible for the administration and maintenance of the company quality management system as well as the quality management representative for the company regarding quality concerns with suppliers and customers.  Salary $70,000 - $90,000 (dependent on experience/knowledge) Schedule Monday – Friday / 8:00am – 4:30pm 40% hands on shop/floor & 60% office/acting as a liaison between production and management  Benefits Dental Care Extended Health Care Vision Care Life Insurance Company Pension Profit Sharing Tuition Reimbursement Paid Time Off On-site Parking Company Events  Responsibilities Act as management representative for ISO9001, facilitating management review and maintaining internal audit program including updating, standardizing, and documenting, company wide quality systems and overseeing and ensuring that certification programs are maintained. Formulate and document the organization’s quality documents; coordinate the optimization of the quality program and customer satisfaction. Coordinate with Manufacturing where issues bridge multiple departments to bring continuity to a unified effort, as required. Coordinate with Manufacturing the development and deployment of quality analysis tools across the company. Conduct studies and analysis of quality data and effectively deal with customer and supplier quality problems. Investigate assigned warranty concerns with assistance from Manufacturing and co-ordinate appropriate corrective actions, when necessary. Provide support to all departments utilizing ISO, Lean tools and other quality methods and principles throughout the company, to remove waste, improve information flow and drive continuous improvement. Support manufacturing processes by reporting on information, material, machine and toolage issues. Eg. BOM A&D, DMR, lost time, etc. Support Manufacturing in developing, maintaining, and improving manufacturing documentation, including APC sheets, Quality, Engineering and Manufacturing bulletins, etc. Work closely with hourly personnel and Manufacturing to remove waste in the manufacturing process whenever possible. Assist Manufacturing Engineering in their duties and troubleshooting when required. Assist in developing and executing training programs for personnel. Perform incoming inspections on purchased product when required. Manage and maintain the calibration of equipment through the calibration log. Manage and maintain the CHTWPCA Heat Treat policy and procedures. Qualify new vendors when required. Perform other duties as assigned.  Education/Qualifications Post-Secondary Diploma in a related field, preferably Manufacturing Engineering Technology. 5+ years of experience in a manufacturing environment. Previous experience managing ISO9001 certification. Working knowledge and experience in Internal Auditing. Working knowledge and experience using lean tools. Job Types: Full-time, Permanent  Salary: $70,000.00-$90,000.00 per year"
33,34,2023-04-19,Global Pharma Tek,CYSSC-23-0031 - x1 - Business Analyst Business Analyst,Entry level,"Jarvis, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/cyssc-23-0031-x1-business-analyst-business-analyst-at-global-pharma-tek-3569764464?refId=NvlrIy%2FaiODcWxA7lw9%2FQg%3D%3D&trackingId=epG5WW22e%2F3nNM4p7cngEw%3D%3D&position=9&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Description  Responsibilities:  "" perform system analysis, design, testing and implementation of applications and ensure they comply with strategy and standards.  "" provide systems analysis and design expertise in the development and maintenance of the Ministry application systems  "" analyze user requirements, generation of prototypes for user consultation and the design, testing, documentation, implementation and maintenance of applications  "" coordinate analyses, develops, and implements solutions for complex problems  "" consult with clients on the changes/modifications, recommend and develop training plans, and monitor operational performance  "" plan application development activities, provide direction, guidance and technical support to programming staff and train junior team members  General Skills  Technical Knowledge and Expertise  You Have  "" advanced technical knowledge of large hardware and software operations and utilities, productivity tools, client server architecture, mini-computer, PC technologies, online processing systems, web-based technologies, Commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) and database management systems  "" knowledge of rules-based engines based in COTS applications like Curam  "" knowledge of front end, web-based technologies and data-mining/reporting-based COTS tools encompassing feasibility studies, requirements definition, analysis, prototyping, system design, implementation, testing and maintenance  "" knowledge of design methodologies in Internet-based and/or distributed environments  "" knowledge of Systems Development Life Cycle Methodologies, familiarity with ITIL Processes for Change/Release Management, use of object oriented and/or 3GL development tools, relational and hierarchical data base technologies, use of information retrieval packages using SQL and other query languages, one or more telecommunications protocols  "" knowledge of emerging IT trends and technologies  Analytical and Problem-Solving Skills  "" you can gather information on client problems, services and business goals/objectives  "" you can evaluate requirements and review options for solution, assess cost/benefit of options, evaluate alternative conceptual systems designs and potential impact of proposed system changes on existing service delivery  "" you can recommend approaches and discuss with client  Organizational and Project Management Skills  "" you can plan, develop, manage, control projects and resolve complex technical design problems  "" you have knowledge of project management and in-depth knowledge of task estimation, scheduling and control  Communication and Interpersonal Skills  "" you can gather information, clarify needs and desired system changes, explain system development recommendations, explain and provide instruction on new/modified systems and technology  "" you can prepare business cases, systems documentation, user manuals and guidelines  "" you can clarify and discuss systems development options with clients"
34,35,2023-04-17,LOFT Community Services,Psychogeriatric Case Manager,Mid-Senior level,"Simcoe, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/psychogeriatric-case-manager-at-loft-community-services-3574283567?refId=NvlrIy%2FaiODcWxA7lw9%2FQg%3D%3D&trackingId=lmW5gbziA%2FpSK1KgoVBazw%3D%3D&position=10&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"DATE: April 17th, 2023  LOCATION: South Simcoe Supportive Housing Program - (Bradford, Alliston, Beeton and surrounding area)  COMPENSATION: $52,535 - $63,260 Annually Prorated  COMTRACT DURATION: 18 Months (Maternity Leave Coverage)  LOFT Community Services is a unique and dynamic charitable organization that supports people living with complicated issues such as mental and physical health challenges, substance abuse, poverty and homelessness. Serving approximately 10,000 annually and providing 1,733 units of supportive housing last year, LOFT is one of Ontario’s largest mental health service providers of its kind. LOFT is also recognized as a Nonprofit Employer of Choice™ Award (NEOC) recipient.  To help fulfill its mission, LOFT is hiring a Psychogeriatric Case Management.  JOB SUMMARY:  The Psychogeriatric Case Management and Seniors’ Crisis is responsible for providing a range of services in support of older adults living within the community within the geographical areas of South Simcoe and North Toronto. This position will provide direct service and support to older adults and seniors as part of a team that coordinates a support network, crisis management, linkages to primary care and other related case management functions. In addition, this position will serve as the staff member who provides leadership, coordination and supervision for the delivery of services for the clients and the staff of both the South Simcoe Psychogeriatric Case Management Services and the Seniors Crisis service.  What You Will Do  DIRECT SERVICE Being involved in assessing the individuals referred to the program as to their suitability for the program’s services Developing a plan of support and recovery which includes identifying the priorities, goals and required supports for individuals accepted into the programs Participating on case conferences and providing case management services to those who require these services Liaising and working closely with other service providers (i.e., HCCSS, IPOP, BSS etc.) as needed Completion of required assessments such as OCAN and RAI and provide timely and accurate record keeping and reports as required Providing direction and support to staff involved in direct service delivery Assist in the development and implementation of operating procedures for both programs ensuring compliance with established standards Maintaining a general awareness of the daily activities in the program, identifying staffing issues Promoting the personal empowerment of each client by building a rapport through coaching, mentoring and support, enabling each to meet the daily requirements of their living environment and directly assisting with their daily living activities, as required Providing 24-hour crisis management on a rotational basis through a pager or similar system Mediating issues or conflicts between residents, or residents and neighbors, teaching conflict resolution; following-up on issues with residents to ensure resolution. Establishing and maintaining a support network of social, family, medical and psychiatric community links and resources; advocating on their behalf in navigating the social services and health care systems to ensure accessibility and availability of services RECORDS AND DATA COLLECTION Maintaining accurate records and files on the provision of service to residents/clients Ensuring the timely collection of all required data (CIS) and that these reports are distributed to LOFT by the required dates Assisting with and ensuring assessments (e.g., RAI CHA) are up to date and completed LEADERSHIP AND STAFF OVERSIGHT Recommend and liaise with the Director in the selection of all staff based on job description and salary scales by LOFT Community Services guidelines Develop cooperative action and assist in building staff relationships Scheduling staff, completion of payroll and attendance (as designated), assigning duties Assisting in the selection, orientation, training, and performance management of staff Ensure that LOFT Community Services policies and procedures are understood and reviewed annually by staff and are carried out by them, in collaboration with the Director Develop and coordinate training and professional development programs/activities for staff of both programs Collaboratively with the Director, support the overall supervision of the South Simcoe Case Management and Seniors Crisis Services staff, including job performance appraisals as specified by LOFT Community Services policy Coordinate and attend regular staff meetings and supervisory meetings as required PLANNING AND MONITORING Participating in the annual program planning process which includes preparing the service plan, operating plan, client satisfaction feedback process, and other research activities Identifying gaps in service and recommending solutions Participating in meetings, planning and evaluation initiatives, committees, events, and activities Compiling program evaluation reports and statistical information, inputting as required Provide other duties, as assigned by Director.  What You Bring  Undergraduate degree in social/human services (i.e., Social Work) with registration in good standing within the respective College Specialization in gerontology as asset Minimum 3 years of experience in providing support to vulnerable seniors and older adults with specialized psychogeriatric needs, inclusive of mental health, substance use disorder and severe social isolation. Demonstrated team leadership ability and management training An understanding of the Psychosocial Rehabilitation principles, and the ability to operationalize them Counselling and responding skills, with well-developed problem-solving abilities Good oral and written communication skills; organizational skills and interpersonal skills An understanding of the therapeutic relationship, and an ability to come to an agreement with clients on goals/priorities Knowledge of community resources and supports specifically for older adults and seniors with mental illness and addiction challenges Excellent crisis management skills: Ability to work effectively within a team environment and to interact with other mental health professionals from hospital settings and the wider community Excellent computer skills and familiar with client data collection (CIS/CDS) Driver’s license and access to a vehicle is a requirement An understanding of cultural competency and framework Knowledge of other languages is an asset The ability to attend in-person meetings on a weekly basis in South Simcoe and North Simcoe Muskoka. Travel is expected throughout South Simcoe, North Simcoe Muskoka and GTA. A valid driver’s license and vehicle are required. Provide in person support to clients residing in 6 Simcoe County buildings and in their own home throughout Simcoe County.  We believe there are many different ways of developing skills, and we love diverse  experiences! So even if you don’t “tick all the boxes” but think you’d thrive in this role, we encourage you to apply.  Note: All LOFT employees are required to be COVID-19 vaccinated as a condition of hire in accordance with LOFT’s Vaccination Policy; unless they are employed in or work regularly with staff who are employed in, non-client facing roles.  Note: A satisfactory vulnerable sector check (VSC) is also required.  CLOSING DATE: May 1st, 2023  Thanks for visiting our Career Page. Please review our open positions and apply to the positions that match your qualifications.  ____________________________________________________________________________________________________________  LOFT Community Services is committed to fostering an inclusive and accessible environment and dedicated to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of the community in which we live and serve. LOFT is committed to making employment opportunities accessible in accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005. Requested accommodation will be provided in all parts of the application and hiring process by contacting hrteam@loftcs.org or (416) 979-1994.  Powered by JazzHR  aaxS9PVQe2"
35,36,2023-03-29,Paytm,Ops Manager - Deputy Manager,Not Applicable,"Delhi, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/ops-manager-deputy-manager-at-paytm-3575082286?refId=NvlrIy%2FaiODcWxA7lw9%2FQg%3D%3D&trackingId=UZGvlkghR%2BEiggQGingyuA%3D%3D&position=11&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"About Us:  Paytm is India’s leading digital payments and financial services company, which is focused on driving consumers and merchants to its platform by offering them a variety of payment use cases. Paytm provides consumers with services like utility payments and money transfers, while empowering them to pay via Paytm Payment Instruments (PPI) like Paytm Wallet, Paytm UPI, Paytm Payments Bank Netbanking, Paytm FASTag and Paytm Postpaid - Buy Now, Pay Later. To merchants, Paytm offers acquiring devices like Soundbox, EDC, QR and Payment Gateway where payment aggregation is done through PPI and also other banks’ financial instruments. To further enhance merchants’ business, Paytm offers merchants commerce services through advertising and Paytm Mini app store. Operating on this platform leverage, the company then offers credit services such as merchant loans, personal loans and BNPL, sourced by its financial partners.  About the team: Affordability at Paytm is an Omni channel team that drives the EMI business at the point of sale, both for online and offline merchants. We partner with various OEMs / brands and merchant partners to offer affordability to the customers  Expectations/ Requirements  Designing Business strategies based on data findings and complete implementation and program management Conduct primary/secondary research to uncover insights and understand business trends and potential implications for the business Responsible for driving a data-driven approach to highlight problems and identify opportunities Improves performance status by analyzing results and variances; identifying trends, and recommending actions Provides information to management by assembling and summarizing data; preparing reports; making presentations of findings, analyses, and recommendations Any other ad-hoc project and program management as per the business need  Superpowers/ Skills that will help you succeed in this role  Reporting Skills, Forecasting, Quantitative Diagnosis, Analyzing Information, Statistical Analysis Self-starter with a strong onus on project ownership Excellent attention to detail Capable of demonstrating good business judgment Excellent verbal and written skills Strong quantitative and qualitative analytical skills Should be comfortable working across cross-functional teams/functions Should be comfortable working in a fast-changing environment and ambiguous Strong writing and oral communication skills in English Minimum 2 years’ experience as a Data/ Business Analyst Critical thinking and very detailed oriented Must be highly proficient with MS Excel, SQL and other statistical tools  Why join us  A collaborative output driven program that brings cohesiveness across businesses through technology Improve the average revenue per use by increasing the cross-sell opportunities A solid 360 feedback from your peer teams on your support of their goals Respect, that is earned, not demanded from your peers and manager  Compensation:  If you are the right fit, we believe in creating wealth for you  With enviable 500 mn+ registered users, 21 mn+ merchants and depth of data in our ecosystem, we are in a unique position to democratize credit for deserving consumers & merchants – and we are committed to it. India’s largest digital lending story is brewing here. It’s your opportunity to be a part of the story!"
36,37,2023-03-30,Randstad Canada,Industrial Engineering Technologist,Mid-Senior level,"Brantford, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/industrial-engineering-technologist-at-randstad-canada-3577486813?refId=NvlrIy%2FaiODcWxA7lw9%2FQg%3D%3D&trackingId=H8gQB%2FcpnlpuKFAzw8RkHA%3D%3D&position=12&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Our Manufacturing Client in Brantford Area is Seeking a Industrial Engineering Technologist to Join their Team. If you like to work for a small scale company with tremendous opportunity to learn and grow, then this opportunity is for you.  If this a role you are interested in please apply or send your resume to Leslie Walker at leslie.walker@randstad.ca  Advantages Competitive compensation with benefits Phenomenal team driven to be the best A state of the art, modern work environment  Responsibilities  Candidate will specialize in the development of production  processes, quality assurance programs, plans and schedules in  a variety of work centers such as metal fabrication, assembly,  brazing, testing/packaging, etc.  The Industrial engineering/manufacturing technologist performs  some or all of the following duties: Develop and conduct production, inventory and quality  assurance programs in manufacturing or in other industries Design plant layouts and production facilities Develop and carry out work study and related programs Develop and coordinate plant/equipment maintenance  programs Develop and carry out industrial health, safety and fire  prevention plans and programs and conduct safety training  programs Develop applications using CAD/CAM (computer-assisted  drafting, computer-assisted manufacturing) for the control  of computer numerical control (CNC) machines and other  manufacturing processes and operations. Collect and compile operational data and assist in the  development of estimates, schedules, specifications and  reports Collect and analyze data and samples in support of quality  assurance and industrial health and safety programs Develop manufacturing and processing procedures and  variables, set machine or equipment controls, oversee  production and inspect processes. Work with sales to determine automation level of new  processes to achieve cost targets Develop equipment RFQ’s for Engineering/Maintenance  review Produce prototype parts for new programs to determine  manufacturability Develop process flows, layouts, standard work with timing  and systems to estimate manpower requirements. Design/build simulations of new processes to test  feasibility. Improve safety, quality, efficiency and cost of existing  programs. Interact with Production members at all levels to  understand existing processes and to discuss new ideas Participate in quoting at Sourcing stage to help sales quote  competitive piece prices  Qualifications Completion of a two- or three-year college program or  equivalent in industrial engineering technology,  manufacturing technology or a related discipline is usually  required for industrial engineering or manufacturing  technologists. Completion of a one- or two-year college program in  industrial engineering technology or in a related discipline  is usually required for industrial engineering or  manufacturing technicians. Certification in industrial engineering or manufacturing  technology or in a related field is available through  provincial or territorial associations of engineering/applied  science technologists and technicians and may be required  for some positions. A college diploma in manufacturing technology and/or trade  certification and experience in machining and tooling or  metalworking is required for CAD-CAM/CNC programmers.  Summary  If this a role you are interested in please apply or send your resume to Leslie Walker at leslie.walker@randstad.ca  Randstad Canada is committed to fostering a workforce reflective of all peoples of Canada. As a result, we are committed to developing and implementing strategies to increase the equity, diversity and inclusion within the workplace by examining our internal policies, practices, and systems throughout the entire lifecycle of our workforce, including its recruitment, retention and advancement for all employees. In addition to our deep commitment to respecting human rights, we are dedicated to positive actions to affect change to ensure everyone has full participation in the workforce free from any barriers, systemic or otherwise, especially equity-seeking groups who are usually underrepresented in Canada's workforce, including those who identify as women or non-binary/gender non-conforming; Indigenous or Aboriginal Peoples; persons with disabilities (visible or invisible) and; members of visible minorities, racialized groups and the LGBTQ2+ community.  Randstad Canada is committed to creating and maintaining an inclusive and accessible workplace for all its candidates and employees by supporting their accessibility and accommodation needs throughout the employment lifecycle. We ask that all job applications please identify any accommodation requirements by sending an email to accessibility@randstad.ca to ensure their ability to fully participate in the interview process."
37,38,2023-04-12,TransPerfect,Data Entry - English Language Data Analyst,Entry level,"Brantford, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-entry-english-language-data-analyst-at-transperfect-3560250887?refId=NvlrIy%2FaiODcWxA7lw9%2FQg%3D%3D&trackingId=%2FL%2B538P0O%2FDRn2IpCeP3vw%3D%3D&position=13&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Work Location: Remote, candidates must be located in Quebec, Ontario, or British Columbia Work Schedule: Full-time (up to 40 hours/week), Monday – Friday during regular business hours Engagement Model: Employment; fixed-term/temporary Project Duration: 3 months with a possibility of extension Start Date: ASAP * Candidates are expected to have their own computer and headset *  DataForce by TransPerfect is currently looking for English speakers to join our team! This is an exciting opportunity to be part of a global team and work on an innovative project to improve Artificial Intelligence and technology. This is a fully remote employment opportunity. This role requires a high level of independence, adaptation, and accuracy – a love of attention to detail will help you succeed in this role!  Role Summary As a Language Data Analyst, you will work on speech or text recognition, different input methods, keyboard/swipe technology, or other areas of human-machine interaction related to languages.  Role Responsibilities Classify, transcribe, sort, label, and annotate data  Job requirements: Idiomatic fluency in English Eligible to work in Canada, must be located in: Quebec, Ontario, and British Columbia provinces. Great reading and comprehension skills Ability to meet daily KPI's Excellent time management skills Ability to work independently Flexibility to respond and react to changing priorities, quickly and efficiently Ability to track, analyze, and report issues Detail-oriented and comfortable with repetitive tasks No previous experience or training in the field is required - we will provide training.  DataForce by TransPerfect is part of the TransPerfect family of companies, the world’s largest provider of language and technology solutions for global business, with offices in more than 100 cities worldwide.  We offer high-quality data for Human-Machine Interaction to some of the most prestigious technology companies in the world. Our department focuses on gathering, enriching and processing data for Machine Learning in different AI domains. To learn more about DataForce please visit us at https://www.transperfect.com/dataforce"
38,39,2023-03-29,Paytm,Product Management - Senior Product Manager - Consumer Product,Not Applicable,"Delhi, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/product-management-senior-product-manager-consumer-product-at-paytm-3575081218?refId=NvlrIy%2FaiODcWxA7lw9%2FQg%3D%3D&trackingId=XH0bZQCQzWp%2Ftv3nSoHs9g%3D%3D&position=14&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Title: Product Management - Senior Product Manager - Consumer Product  About Us: Paytm is India's leading financial services company that offers full-stack payments & financial solutions to consumers, offline merchants and online platforms. The company is on a mission to bring half a billion Indians into the mainstream economy through payments, commerce, banking, investments, and financial services. One97 Communications Limited that owns the brand Paytm is founded by Vijay Shekhar Sharma and is headquartered in Noida, Uttar Pradesh. Its investors include Softbank, Ant Financial, AGH Holdings, Elevation Capital, Berkshire Hathaway, T Rowe Price and Discovery Capital.  About the team: Being one of the largest payment platforms in the country, we aim to not only ensure a seamless experience, but also a delightful journey for our customers. We strive to enrich the customer experience by making every transaction transparent, honest, and hassle-free.  The app product team ensures to deliver an outstanding user experience to the Paytm Customers by understanding the user, discerning their use patterns, and designing an app that meets their user's needs.  About the role: Are you someone who loves to build products and also gets curious about technology stack being used? Have you worked in technical roles at some point in your career and enjoyed them (be it software developer, engineering manager or architect)? We are looking for Product Owners to enable delivery of high quality financial/payment products in a fast-paced, challenging, and creative environment. You will work with business heads and engineering partners to drive the strategy, roadmap, execution of a product area to build high quality products/systems.  Expectations:  We would expect you to hit the ground running, and approach your role with a growth mindset You will be expected to communicate openly, make decisions by creating consensus, and drive a collective obsession about your feature or product Bring consumer first mindset and work backwards: Understand consumer pain points and business imperatives to define product roadmap and strategy. These vary from business critical funnels to reducing CST contacts Growth: Finding new ways to acquire users from inside and outside the Paytm ecosystem Work with cross-functional teams such as User Research, UX Design, Engineering, Sales, Marketing, Finance, Operations to deliver high impact products  Superpowers that will help you succeed in this role:  MS or BS/B.TECHin computer science or equivalent experience from top college. Minimum 5-6yrs of industry experience Should have experience leading small teams Superior organization, communication, interpersonal and leadership skills Must be a proven performer and team player that enjoy challenging assignments in a high-energy, fast growing and start-up workplace Must be a self-starter who can work well with minimal guidance and in a fluid environment  Why join us?  A collaborative output driven program that brings cohesiveness across businesses through technology Improve the average revenue per use by increasing the cross-sell opportunities A solid 360 feedback from your peer teams on your support of their goals Respect, that is earned, not demanded from your peers and manager  Compensation: If you are the right fit, we believe in creating wealth for you. With enviable 500 mn+ registered users, 21 mn+ merchants and depth of data in our ecosystem, we are in a unique position to democratize credit for deserving consumers & merchants – and we are committed to it. India’s largest digital lending story is brewing here. It’s your opportunity to be a part of the story!"
39,40,2023-04-22,Marwood International Inc.,"Quality Assurance - Ingersoll, ON",Entry level,"Ingersoll, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/quality-assurance-ingersoll-on-at-marwood-international-inc-3576898281?refId=NvlrIy%2FaiODcWxA7lw9%2FQg%3D%3D&trackingId=W%2FjuLTCHIWtxDoqYl65tRg%3D%3D&position=15&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Quality Assurance - Weekend Shift  Location: Ingersoll, ON  Shift Available  Afternoon Shift: 4x10 Mon-Thurs 4:00p-2:00a  Weekend Shift: 3x12 Fri-Sun 6:00a-6:00p  Why Join Marwood?  Who We Are  Marwood International Inc. is a full service, award-winning, Tier I and 2 automotive OEM structural components and modular assembly supplier, that focuses on waste elimination and light-weighting initiatives from prototypes to full volume products to end of life service parts throughout Canada, US and Japan. Marwood is also a well-established Canadian owned manufacturing company which have been in the industry for 30+ years! We are community oriented, and focused on health and wellness.  We are happy to have you join our team!  We Offer  Competitive Pay plus premiums GREAT benefits and Perks: dental, medical and vision coverage, as well as outstanding pension plan and more Also, company provided uniforms!  Apply today to speak with our recruiter!  Responsibilities  Your Role and Responsibilities  Coordinates and documents all plant related quality communications, working within the production cross-functional team to address all internal and external quality concerns Authorize, coordinate and document all external and internal containment activities Drives problem-solving and corrective action implementation, documentation and resolution Maintains all nonconforming product and corrective action related documentation systems Reviews plant related quality control documentation as required Provides support on the proper use of quality inspection methods and equipment Coordinates all special inspection and testing for the plant (GP12, Heighten awareness) Verifies all processes, procedures and documentation are completed efficiently within the plant Informs Quality Manager on plant related customer issues and quality system initiatives Actively participates on Marwood project teams and other assigned or relevant duties Travel to customers to review issues as required Perform LPA to schedule Review data and report trend analysis to Quality Manager Review and sign off non-conforming product as required Review and report on status of hold product Liaison quality culture throughout the division Assist with supplier development through direction of Quality Manager Issue and track SNCR through direction of Quality Manager Adhere to the Marwood quality systems in all aspects All other duties as required  Key Requirements  Grade 12, GED, or equivalent Quality Assurance program courses ie. APQP, Control Plans, FMEA, Core Tools Working knowledge of blueprints, statistical analysis and problem-solving techniques 3 years related experience in Tier I Automotive manufacturing Direct experience with stamping, welding and assembly processes Computer efficiency and systems knowledge in all required areas (MS Office)  We are committed to giving people with disabilities an equal opportunity to provide feedback, and access any information they may need. Please advise if you require accommodation.  We would like to thank all candidates for expressing interest however, only those selected for interviews will be contacted. Pre-employment screening will be required.  For more information, please visit our website: www.marwoodinternational.com"
40,41,2023-03-10,Next Level Group,Health & Safety Assistant,Entry level,"Simcoe, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/health-safety-assistant-at-next-level-group-3549255713?refId=NvlrIy%2FaiODcWxA7lw9%2FQg%3D%3D&trackingId=ErOCMledAQgR71ixsi%2FhMg%3D%3D&position=16&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Our client located in Simcoe, Ontario is seeking an individual to join their team as the Health and Safety assistant to be responsible for assisting the Health & Safety Coordinator in planning, developing and coordinating the occupational health and safety component of personnel, materials, equipment and environments to achieve overall health and safety compliance and effectiveness for the organization  This position is also responsible for the creation of internal and external training classes and carrying out the training to employees of the company as well as people of the community who enroll in the training.  Accountabilities/Responsibilities  Develop training content and arrange training for employees- new and existing, track training expiry dates, perform in-house training as necessary or contract out to appropriate trainers for external training for certain courses. Offer training of certain courses to the public. Ensures that federal, provincial and local safety laws, regulations, codes and rules are observed and followed. Keep up to date on developments in federal and provincial safety laws likely to affect the company. Assist in OHSA record keeping and reporting requirements. Assists staff to understand OHSA regulations and standards, including guidance on handling regulatory compliance, inspections and enforcement activities. Assists staff to implement and adhere to company health & safety program and policy. Assist in investigating injuries, which occur at company facilities and job sites, in conjunction with appropriate members of management. Assist in evaluating hazardous conditions and practices, and develops hazard control practices and programs. Guides and assists employees at various locations with any safety and health concerns. Assist in compiling company's health & safety statistics. Assist in the development of company specific safe work practices and safe work procedures. Conduct general new hire orientations and ensure field employees have the appropriate site-specific orientations if applicable.  Assist management to understand and drive a positive safety culture  Monitor and review safety data, and provide reports to upper management. Involvement with continuous improvement and projects in the health and safety department. Site safety visits as required and document using ``Jobsite Monthly Safety Inspection'' form Health & Safety meetings - take minutes Assist in the company's subcontractor document review program and process contractor packages to the H&S Coordinator for approval. Maintain accurate records to ensure compliance with health and safety laws and regulations. Assist in the creation of monthly/weekly safety talks for the distribution to employees.  Job Requirement  Environmental, Physical & Cognitive Demands  This Position Requires Physical Effort In The Form Of  Standing Sitting Walking Climbing Bending / Stooping Crawling / Kneeling Pushing/Pulling Lifting (1 to 50 lbs) Carrying (1 to 50 lbs)  This Position Is Exposed To  Noise (PPE required & supplied) Fumes / Gases / Dust (PPE required & some are supplied) Radiation, Welding Arcs, Flash Arcs High/Low temperature extremes Conditions where exposure to risk of injury/illness  This position requires frequent psychological effort in the form of:  Mental effort Cognitive skills Critical thinking Problem solving Interaction with employees and management  Work is to be performed in a well ventilated, open concept office environment with adequate lighting and temperature.  Standard office equipment will be used such as computers, photocopiers, fax, phone, etc.  This job also requires the ability to travel around using a company vehicle to different job sites to complete site inspections, conduct training, etc.  Knowledge and Skills  This position requires a college diploma/certificate in health and safety or a related field; and/or 1 (one) to 3 (three) years' related experience and/or training; or an equivalent combination of education and experience."
41,42,2023-03-29,Paytm,Area Collection Manager - Delhi,Not Applicable,"Delhi, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/area-collection-manager-delhi-at-paytm-3575079574?refId=NvlrIy%2FaiODcWxA7lw9%2FQg%3D%3D&trackingId=IqwmtEWAucg0LDXCMVBNyw%3D%3D&position=17&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"About Us:  Paytm is India’s leading digital payments and financial services company, which is focused on driving consumers and merchants to its platform by offering them a variety of payment use cases. Paytm provides consumers with services like utility payments and money transfers, while empowering them to pay via Paytm Payment Instruments (PPI) like Paytm Wallet, Paytm UPI, Paytm Payments Bank Netbanking, Paytm FASTag and Paytm Postpaid - Buy Now, Pay Later. To merchants, Paytm offers acquiring devices like Soundbox, EDC, QR and Payment Gateway where payment aggregation is done through PPI and also other banks’ financial instruments. To further enhance merchants’ business, Paytm offers merchants commerce services through advertising and Paytm Mini app store. Operating on this platform leverage, the company then offers credit services such as merchant loans, personal loans and BNPL, sourced by its financial partners.  About the team: Liaison between the creditors and consumers. They are in charge of observing accounts to identify overdue payments, report collection activity, address client queries, and develop repayment plans.  About the role: Collection Team Lead will be responsible for collection targets of the assigned branches. They will be required to meet the target of assigned product. Follow the legal guidelines for collection agencies & in-house collections.  Expectations/ Requirements:  To Achieve Collection targets of the area assigned, control flow cases and focus on non starters Ensured documented feedback Ensure Adequate feet on Street availability/bucket wise /segment wise Manage productivity for fixing productivity parameters for Collection Officers Agencies/In-house team Monitoring performance against set parameters and weekly review with Collection executives Ensuring background check of all collection agencies hired/Identify and manage training needs of the Collection Executives/ Evaluation of performance of all CE Support Collection officers in legal /Police issues/Collection Activities  Superpowers/ Skills that will help you succeed in this role:  People Management Skills More than 5 years of relevant experience in Collections role Demonstrated Success and achievement orientation Excellent Communication Skills Negotiations skills - strong bias for driving results in a High performance environment Strong Relationship and Leadership skills Working Knowledge of Computers  Education: graduate in any specialization  Why join us:  A collaborative output driven program that brings cohesiveness across businesses through technology Improve the average revenue per use by increasing the cross-sell opportunities A solid 360-degree feedback from your peer teams on your support of their goals Respect, that is earned, not demanded from your peers and manager  Compensation:  If you are the right fit, we believe in creating wealth for you  With enviable 500 mn+ registered users, 21 mn+ merchants and depth of data in our ecosystem, we are in a unique position to democratize credit for deserving consumers & merchants – and we are committed to it. India’s largest digital lending story is brewing here. It’s your opportunity to be a part of the story!"
42,43,2023-04-19,Emonics LLC,PM Master Data Specialist,Entry level,"Brantford, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/pm-master-data-specialist-at-emonics-llc-3569796260?refId=NvlrIy%2FaiODcWxA7lw9%2FQg%3D%3D&trackingId=iZMPyRToP8WJjHwZaaM22g%3D%3D&position=18&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Position: Reliability Engineer  Location: Fort Smith, AR (Onsite)  Duration: Fulltime Position  Job Description:-  Technical/Functional Skills-  Experience-8+years  Skills  FMCG Experience and Equipment Knowledge  Plant Walk down / Asset Verification & Validation  Asset Master Data Management  Maintenance Strategies  Maintenance Task List & Standard text /Job plan Preparation  Maintenance Item & Plan  Maintenance Planning and Scheduling  PM Work load levelling  Material Master/BOM Data Management  CMMS - Plant Maintenance Master Data build, Loading to SAP  Knowledge in SAP - PM & MM  Role & Responsibilities  Assess and perform work in Maintenance Management System for our FMCG Customer  Knowledge about FMCG equipment's Plant experience and worked at site is added advantage Asset Verification/ Plant walk down experience Build Asset Master Data Understanding Workflows of Work Management System Create/Validate Maintenance Items & Plans Create/Validate Task list and Standard text Material Master/Bill of material creation and assign to task list CMMS - Plant Maintenance Master Data build, Loading to SAP Experience in CMMS Software - SAP - MM & PM Module"
43,44,2023-04-24,Marketing.com,General Manager,Executive,"Brantford, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/general-manager-at-marketing-com-3590038856?refId=NvlrIy%2FaiODcWxA7lw9%2FQg%3D%3D&trackingId=8npT1wpk5VUyDGSb3hLnvA%3D%3D&position=19&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"The Company  Marketing.com brings together people from diverse personal and professional backgrounds to create a technology-centered, people-powered culture that is constantly evolving and redefining how marketing is done. Our team members bring to work a combined history of dedication, service and being the best at what they do—everyday. With over 30 production facilities in the US and Canada (and growing!), we provide comprehensive digital marketing services, commercial printing, warehousing & fulfillment, direct mail marketing, sign manufacturing & fabrication, and promotional products.  We are expanding at warp speed and are adding to our team – from our sales office and shop floor locations to our remote online team members. We are a diverse, creative, and passionate crew who is always looking to discover and implement fresh, innovative ideas and make some pretty amazing things.  Job Summary  The General Manager (or Plant Manager) is responsible for identifying and implementing manufacturing best practices to produce subsequent process improvements to maximize production yields and throughout and driving a world-class hiring process to attract and retain top talent. This job oversees the daily manufacturing operations of the facility, which will include directing, managing, and coaching all aspects of production with overall accountability for safety, quality, cost, and service performance. The primary objective of this job is to develop a self-sustaining team of direct reports to consistently produce quality product while maintaining all standards.  Roles And Responsibilities  Provides hands-on leadership to facilitate growth among the team and lead culture change. This is done through regular performance reviews of direct reports and driving employee engagement through career planning discussions and succession planning. Oversees Manufacturing Operations, QA/QC, Production and Customer Service departments to review operating reports and resolve operational, manufacturing, and facility problems to ensure minimum costs and prevent operational delays and to meet future growth. Reviews and supports design concepts with fundamental or new technology used for new or existing products or improvement to provide cost reduction, safety, customer requirements and market growth. Reviews and analyzes activities, costs, operations and forecast data to determine progress toward stated goals and objectives. Builds and cascades the site mission & objectives in line with the global and regional strategy to meet business requirements Identifies, retains, and develops key talents Develops, implements, and maintains necessary plant operating policies and procedures in close collaboration with corporate subject matter expert to assure implementation and assure plant meets requirements Oversees key projects, processes and performance reports, data, and analysis. Reviews operations and plans to achieve regional profitability and service level targets Implements Lean manufacturing initiatives to improve overall value chain for the site. Reviews and approves preparation of accounting analysis: for budgetary planning and implementation, production efficiency, financial reporting, budgetary planning, and submittal for capital expenditures. Manages annual Capital improvement budget and projects Plans and implements programs designed to maintain a safe work environment, assures the manufacture of quality products that meet customer requirements, with a focus on continuous improvement, maximizing volume and productivity of the department. Manages cross-functional interactions; establishes and communicates project schedules, objectives priorities, and targets; monitors the status of projects; provides technical interpretation and expertise, as required. Ensures that appropriate standard operating procedures (SOPs) are developed and maintained for all functions under scope of responsibility. Achieves regional profitability and service level targets; Contributes to the development and execution of the regional business strategy; Identifies, defines, and leads initiatives that will drive significant improvements in customer satisfaction and cost savings. Represents site in all interactions with local authorities and serves as Legal Representative for this affiliate. Assures proper process and resources leading to high performance of suppliers, supporting achievements of our plant objectives. Keeps senior management informed on project status by creating and maintaining written reports on project status, tests, costs, issues, and performance to established targets on a regular basis. Other duties as assigned  Basic Qualifications  Bachelor’s Degree in related field preferred. 7 years commercial printing industry manufacturing experience with at least 6 years in a supervisory capacity. 3 years of experience working in a Union Shop/Labor Relations experience MS Office (Outlook, Word, Excel).  Preferred Skills  Can conform to shifting priorities, demands and timelines through analytical and problem-solving capabilities. Reacts to project adjustments and alterations promptly and efficiently. Direct management experience of cost control responsibilities in manufacturing. Experience in implementation of continuous improvement and lean methodologies. Experience in establishing performance metrics, motivating, and holding people accountable for results. Solid change management experience which means operating as a value-added business partner across functional lines and with other key stakeholders to drive change. Ability to read, analyze and interpret general business periodicals, technical procedures, and numerical data. Ability to write reports and general business correspondence. Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from management, customers, and employees. Ability to add, subtract, multiply and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals. Ability to apply concepts of fractions, percentages, ratios, and proportions to practical situations. Adept at conducting research into project-related issues and products. Must be able to learn, understand, and apply new technologies. Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment is crucial.  Our Company offers a competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package including but not limited to medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short & long-term disability, 401k, PTO, and Company-paid holidays.  We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status."
44,45,2023-04-26,Marwood International Inc.,Corporate HSE Coordinator,Entry level,"Tillsonburg, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/corporate-hse-coordinator-at-marwood-international-inc-3582843528?refId=NvlrIy%2FaiODcWxA7lw9%2FQg%3D%3D&trackingId=oasjc3Ehgkl1A10rxZ6eCA%3D%3D&position=20&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Location: Tillsonburg, ON  Why Join Marwood  Who We Are  Marwood International Inc. is a full service, award-winning, Tier I and 2 automotive OEM structural components and modular assembly supplier, that focuses on waste elimination and light-weighting initiatives from prototypes to full volume products to end of life service parts throughout Canada, US and Japan. Marwood is also a well-established Canadian owned manufacturing company which have been in the industry for 30+ years! We are community oriented, and focused on health and wellness.  We are happy to have you join our team!  We Offer  Competitive Pay plus premiums GREAT benefits and Perks: dental, medical and vision coverage, as well as outstanding pension plan and more Also, company provided uniforms!  Apply today to speak with our recruiter!  Responsibilities  Your Role and Responsibilities  Assist in the improvement & development of management system procedures and forms, in line with applicable standards (ISO 14001, ISO 45001) Create training materials in support of new procedures Participate in the development of reports, statistics and data analysis Perform incident Investigations, and implement corrective actions Participates in the maintenance of site records and filing systems Performs Physical Demands Descriptions Participates in the Joint Health and Safety Committees Coordinate meetings (prepare agendas, take minutes, track actions) Participate in safety audits Assist in performing industrial hygiene testing Assist with WSIB claims management and return to work planning  Skills/ Capabilities  Customer Focus Team Work Quality Orientation Attention to detail Accountability and Dependability Ethics and Integrity Strong writing and verbal communication skills Good judgement and problem solving Excellent numeracy Ability to prioritize and manage multiple tasks  Key Requirements  University or college degree related to Occupational Health and Safety 1-3 years working in the health and safety field, preferably manufacturing environment  Additional Technical And Professional Requirements  Excellent verbal and written communication skills, organizational planning, teamwork and demonstrated presentations skills Proficient in using Microsoft Excel, Word, Outlook and PowerPoint Knowledge of ergonomic principles and ability to apply principles in a wide range of work environments. Excellent knowledge of Occupational Health and Safety Act and WSIB Regulations Experience in industrial ergonomic assessments Experience conducting Physical Demands Analysis (PDAs) Access to a vehicle to travel to all Marwood plants Ability to work independently, with minimum supervision Demonstrates effective organizational, multitasking and problem solving abilities  We would like to thank all candidates for expressing interest however, only those selected for interviews will be contacted. Pre-employment screening will be required.  For more information, please visit our website: www.marwoodinternational.com  We are committed to giving people with disabilities an equal opportunity to provide feedback, and access any information they may need. Please advise if you require accommodation."
45,46,2023-03-26,The Erosion Company (TEC),Contracts Administrator,Entry level,"Woodstock, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/contracts-administrator-at-the-erosion-company-tec-3571774014?refId=NvlrIy%2FaiODcWxA7lw9%2FQg%3D%3D&trackingId=oEtl%2BX20Sg1jka%2FS45Bxmg%3D%3D&position=21&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"The Erosion Company (TEC) is currently hiring a Contracts Administrator in Woodstock, GA.  TEC is the largest and most experienced erosion control contractor in the Southeast. TEC offers clients comprehensive erosion control, specialty materials, forestry, and other site clean-up/control services.  The ideal candidate will be extremely organized, detail-oriented, and a proactive problem solver. This position will be a key member of the Accounting and Finance team who can work effortlessly across Sales, Operations, and Finance to execute tasks and streamline project lifecycles. This position will report to the CFO.  Responsibilities Include, But Are Not Limited To  Contracts Manage the Contract Review process through the entire lifecycle of the project. Review Contracts to ensure compliance with TEC’s policies while limiting the company's overall risk and exposure. Negotiate contract terms with customers and ensure language is in accordance with the agreed Scope of Work. Oversee the processing of new job compliance including submittals, pre-lien filings, insurance certificates, W-9, business licenses, and any other requested items for new and existing projects. Ensure Pricing is consistent and work closely with AR and Billing Dept to ensure pricing is correct. Lead and Coordinate the Project kick-off process with Sales and Operations to ensure compliance with contracted terms throughout the lifecycle of the project. Provide Contracts summaries and create a Contracts database/status log from initial request to final execution and payment. Coordinate with the Accounts Receivable team on payment status and assist with the timely collection of Project payments according to terms. Track retainage on projects and coordinate with AR on payment. Reports Generate periodic informational reports for TEC Management Team. Create a Database to track contracts through their lifecycle. Some reports will be self-generated, while TEC’s SL report writer may create others. Requirements And Skills Prior experience in contract administration in the construction or similar industry Excellent organizational and leadership skills Outstanding communication and interpersonal abilities Thorough understanding of diverse business processes and strategy development Excellent knowledge of MS Office, databases, and information systems Good understanding of research methods and data analysis techniques BSc/Ba in Business Management or relevant field; MSc/MA will be a plus An Equal Opportunity Employer/AA Employer M/F/V/D  Equal Opportunity Employer, including disabled and veterans."
46,47,2023-04-28,Stoakley-Stewart Consultants Ltd.,CSR / Print Project Coordinator,Associate,"Brantford, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/csr-print-project-coordinator-at-stoakley-stewart-consultants-ltd-3589239959?refId=NvlrIy%2FaiODcWxA7lw9%2FQg%3D%3D&trackingId=gUOLHkbvfhiXieXMNgp6EA%3D%3D&position=22&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Job ID: 202520  Company Description Currently looking for a CSR / Print Project Coordinator for a leading print manufacturer.  Position Description Primary focus on customer satisfaction, account management and production coordination. Receives and processes routine customer orders, inquiries, and/or complaints covering items or products ordered. Serve as intermediary between the customer and various departments within company, Perform administrative duties and tasks as assigned  Experience 3-5 years’ print industry experience required  Qualifications Solutions-oriented Excellent communication Great organizational skills  Additional Information Job Type - Permanent, Full-Time Industries - Printing Job Categories - Admin Support Manages Others - No Required Travel - No Relocation Assistance - No  Learn More About the Recruiter Andrew Schofield is at the forefront of industry staffing solutions in the Canadian Media, Print & Packaging Industry as it evolves through Corporate Merger Acquisition, Product Development, or Technological Advancement. He is regarded as an industry insider resource by Employers & Employees for career enhancement beyond traditional job application forums. With his industry-focused portfolio Andrew joins Stoakley-Stewart Consultants to continue his career success.  How to Apply Please click on the “Apply” button located elsewhere on this job posting (preferred) or email your resume to: Schofield@Stoakley.com  About Stoakley-Stewart Consultants Stoakley-Stewart Consultants Ltd. is an Executive Search/Recruiting firm with an impressive domestic presence and strong international reach. We opened our doors in 1977 and have grown to be one of the most successful employment agencies in Canada. We house a team of top-notch consultants, each acting as a subject matter expert in their chosen field. As a result we provide professional recruiting services to clients and candidates in a variety of industries, functions and geographies. This expansive breadth of experience allows us, as a firm, to successfully satisfy all of your hiring/employment needs. In accordance with Canadian laws, it is the policy of Stoakley-Stewart Consultants to consider all qualified individuals for available positions without regard to race, colour, religion, sexual orientation, country of origin, age, disability etc.  What are we known for and how do we help? Helping talented professionals secure new, exciting and rewarding career opportunities Treating each unique individual with professionalism, respect and integrity Meeting your distinct needs by matching you with the right corporate culture  Privacy Policy Our Corporate systems comply with the provisions of the Personal Information Protection and Electronics Documents Act (“PIPEDA”) which became effective January 1, 2004.  Consent Policy By you (“the applicant”) submitting your resumé and/or personal information here, grant Stoakley-Stewart Consultants Ltd. (“SSC”) the right to use personal data for recruitment and selection purposes. The applicant understands that the applicant’s personal information is only collected, used and disclosed by SSC in accordance with this form or otherwise as permitted by law. The applicant authorizes SSC to collect, use and disclose their personal information in order to attempt to assist them in gaining employment with of one of SSC’s clients. For this purpose and as part of this process, the applicant authorizes SSC to take a number of steps, typically including, but not necessarily limited to Obtaining their resumé and references (and any updates thereof); Interviewing them; Producing a video-clip of them; Speaking with their references; Verifying information and performing other searches and checks, done either by SSC or by an independent agency on behalf of SSC; Evaluating information about the applicant to analyze their suitability to potential positions; Disclosing any information about the applicant as provided by the applicant, by references and by other sources to any present or future client of SSC who, based on the applicant’s qualifications, work requirements, desires and other factors and determined solely in the discretion of SSC, has or may have a position to which the applicant is or may be suited. The applicant understands that SSC will not disclose their information to a present or future client without speaking to the applicant first and receiving the applicant’s verbal consent."
47,48,2023-03-29,Linamar Corporation,Human Resources Assistant,Entry level,"Salford, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/human-resources-assistant-at-linamar-corporation-3581446839?refId=NvlrIy%2FaiODcWxA7lw9%2FQg%3D%3D&trackingId=92AKGILdbO3d17NAPq81Jw%3D%3D&position=23&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Job Description  Human Resources Assistant (18 Month Contract)  Reporting to the Human Resource Director, you will assist the facility HR team in all areas of Human Resources including employee relations, staffing, recruitment, training, benefits and leaves. This is an entry level HR opportunity that can lead to advancement within the organization.  About Salford  Salford Group, a Linamar Company is a global manufacturer of farm tillage, application and seeding equipment. We are experiencing tremendous growth and have immediate openings in our Production department. From the entrepreneurial seeds planted by our dynamic founder, to the support provided along the way, all Salford employees are poised for success in this fast-paced and rapidly growing environment. With access to the tools you need to succeed, you will make an impact along with other motivated and engaged people.  Key Accountabilities Complete standard monthly HR reports for the HR Manager and leadership team Recruitment and on-boarding of hourly employees Assisting with employee relations Data entry of employee information into the HRIS and other systems Prepare letters, memos and PowerPoint presentations Minimum Requirements Grade 12 education but preference will be given to candidates with a degree or diploma in Business or Human Resources Able to demonstrate knowledge or current Employment legislation Advanced skills in Word, Excel and PowerPoint Previous experience with a HRIS or ATS is desired Working towards a CHRP designation is an asset Desired Characteristics Able to work in a fast-paced environment Flexible and adaptable Strong oral and written communication skills Excellent problem solving and conflict resolution skills Why Salford Opportunities for career advancement Assistance with approved professional designations and fees Community based outreach supporting both local and global initiatives and charities Discounts for local vendors and events, including auto supplier discounts Salford is committed to promoting accessible recruitment as outlined in the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act. Salford will attempt to accommodate persons with a disability in an appropriate and effective manner throughout all stages of the recruitment process. Accommodations will be provided upon request."
48,49,2023-03-29,Paytm,Key Account Manager - Deputy Manager,Not Applicable,"Delhi, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/key-account-manager-deputy-manager-at-paytm-3575081375?refId=NvlrIy%2FaiODcWxA7lw9%2FQg%3D%3D&trackingId=cBXQUuIN5TpT2tFGCyLyiQ%3D%3D&position=24&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"About Us:  Paytm is India’s leading digital payments and financial services company, which is focused on driving consumers and merchants to its platform by offering them a variety of payment use cases. Paytm provides consumers with services like utility payments and money transfers, while empowering them to pay via Paytm Payment Instruments (PPI) like Paytm Wallet, Paytm UPI, Paytm Payments Bank Netbanking, Paytm FASTag and Paytm Postpaid - Buy Now, Pay Later. To merchants, Paytm offers acquiring devices like Soundbox, EDC, QR and Payment Gateway where payment aggregation is done through PPI and other banks’ financial instruments. To further enhance merchants’ business, Paytm offers merchants commerce services through advertising and Paytm Mini app store. Operating on this platform leverage, the company then offers credit services such as merchant loans, personal loans and BNPL, sourced by its financial partners.  About the team: This sales team at Paytm Health is responsible for onboarding of new medical institutions (Labs, Clinics, Hospitals) for the Offline Enterprise team.  About the role: This is a B2B Sales role which requires high level of key account management and acquisition expertise. One should have excellent skills in managing medical institutions along with excellent territory knowledge.  Expectations/ Requirements:  Hunt for new accounts that can be introduced to Paytm Payments Coordination with various internal teams to ensure a timely and smooth onboarding experience for merchants/app owners Own and Manage Merchant relationships at post Live stage Device and execute growth strategies for increasing revenue from acquired accounts Plan and finalize Merchant funded campaigns on premium/ paid properties of Paytm ecosystem to help merchants get the maximum out of the Paytm ecosystem Manage Paytm Health Merchants and aggregator relationships for the specified category in that region  Superpowers/ Skills that will help you succeed in this role:  5-9 years of relevant experience in Sales, Business Development, and relationship building Familiarity with Hospital Management systems and hospital ERPs Good communication skills Good understanding of MS Office tools Highly motivated and target driven with a proven track record in sales Willingness to travel frequently within assigned territory  Education - Graduation  Why join us  A collaborative output-driven program that brings cohesiveness across businesses through technology Improve the average revenue per use by increasing the cross-sell opportunities A solid 360-degree feedback from your peer teams on your support of their goals Respect, that is earned, not demanded from your peers and manager  Compensation:  If you are the right fit, we believe in creating wealth for you  With enviable 500 million+ registered users, 21 million+ merchants and depth of data in our ecosystem, we are in a unique position to democratize credit for deserving consumers & merchants – and we are committed to it. India’s largest digital lending story is brewing here. It’s your opportunity to be a part of the story!"
49,50,2023-04-04,Norfolk County,Dietary Aide (SEIU 2.23) (PPT) (up to 3) REVISED,Entry level,"Simcoe, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/dietary-aide-seiu-2-23-ppt-up-to-3-revised-at-norfolk-county-3556936745?refId=NvlrIy%2FaiODcWxA7lw9%2FQg%3D%3D&trackingId=vvOHY43TQigjdnhlrKg66A%3D%3D&position=25&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Scope of Position:  Under the supervision of the Nutritional Services Supervisor and as a member of the multidisciplinary care team, to provide dietary services to respond to the Residents’ nutritional care needs and to provide safe, personally acceptable nutritious food to Residents.  Position Description: Undertake all duties and responsibilities in compliance with Health and Safety standards, guidelines and legislation, including compliance with Public Health standards and Ministry of Health and Long-Term Care regulations To follow point of service notes, relating to portion and various diets, foods and nutritional snacks to Residents in a safe and appetizing manner. To prepare and set up steam table counter and serving area To prepare dining room settings To clean and maintain kitchen and dining areas including floors, counters, cabinets, tables, furnishings, equipment and supplies (e.g. dishes) To dispose of recyclables and garbage To participate as a team member in providing Resident centered care and service Orientate new staff and student placements as required Participate in in-service educational opportunities Maintain awareness (at all times) of emergency procedures; participate in drills and associated educational opportunities. To be aware of and comply with all Corporate and facility policies and procedures Confidentiality is of extreme importance and must always be maintained Adhere to infection control policies, procedures, protocols, routine and additional practices as required Occasionally required to assist co-workers in tasks not directly related to this job  Requirements  Knowledge and Experience: Grade 12 graduation or equivalent Current Safe Food Handler Certificate Certified Food Service Worker Certificate (completed or enrolled in program prior to date of hire and must be completed within 3 years from date of hire) Previous experience in long term care dietary services an asset  Skills and Abilities: Resident and customer service focus Good communication skills (both oral and written) The ability to work independently as well as part of a team Familiarity with operation of telephone system and institutional kitchen equipment Must be committed to a common purpose, performance goals and approach Creativity in the plating and preparation/ presentation of attractive and appetizing meals Computer expertise in corporate standard software (Microsoft Office) and department specific software to data search and entry and to create and modify word processed documents Must be aware of safe work practices as they relate to job responsibilities and work environment, and have the basic understanding of the Occupational Health and Safety Act  Benefits  Status: Permanent Part Time  Employee Group: SEIU Local 1. Canada  Salary: $24.461 - $25.208 per hour (2022 rate) ($1 less per hour for probationary period)  Division: Health and Social Services  Department: Norview Lodge  Reports To: Supervisor, Nutritional Services  Location: Norview Lodge  Posting Period: April 4, 2023 - May 2, 2023  Follow the Workable application process and be advised Workable no longer supports Internet Explorer, you will require Google Chrome or Microsoft Edge: Ensure the file extension for your resume document is .doc, .docx or .pdf If you are electing to include a cover letter, the cover letter and resume must be uploaded as 1 file.  The Corporation of Norfolk County is an equal opportunity employer. Accessibility accommodations are available for all parts of the recruitment process. Applicants need to make their needs known in advance.  Successful applicants are required to provide the Employer with a current Criminal Record Check, including a Vulnerable Sector where required and verification of education.  Thank you for your interest in this position. Only those to be interviewed will be contacted."
50,51,2023-04-27,Marwood International Inc.,Quality Manager - South Division - Plant 1,Mid-Senior level,"Tillsonburg, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/quality-manager-south-division-plant-1-at-marwood-international-inc-3584760749?refId=DLtDQ7snS58HnMJ326HYsw%3D%3D&trackingId=g4DJfwpKRG5dOugUfF8ctg%3D%3D&position=1&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Quality Manager - South Division, Plant 1  Location: Plant 1, Tillsonburg, ON  Why Join Marwood  Who We Are  Marwood International Inc. is a full service, award-winning, Tier I and 2 automotive OEM structural components and modular assembly supplier, that focuses on waste elimination and light-weighting initiatives from prototypes to full volume products to end of life service parts throughout Canada, US and Japan. Marwood is also a well-established Canadian owned manufacturing company which have been in the industry for 30+ years! We are community oriented, and focused on health and wellness.  We are happy to have you join our team!  We Offer  Competitive Pay plus premiums GREAT benefits and Perks: dental, medical and vision coverage, as well as outstanding pension plan and more Also, company provided uniforms!  Apply today to speak with our recruiter!  Responsibilities  Your Role and Responsibilities  Ensure that all Plex requirements pertaining to the quality system are accurate and up to date Assist other Managers on projects as required. Train, lead and assign duties to the quality auditors Ensure New Employees Orientation Program within department. Ensure all Legal Employment Due Diligence Compliance requirements are met. Conduct and/or lead Quality System Audits in compliance with the requirements of IATF and other customer specific requirements. Internal Quality Audits of all Policies, Procedures, Work Instructions, etc. as outlined in Marwood Quality Manuals. Ensure employee evaluations and performance appraisals are completed Ensure employee time clock records and vacation time is accurate and correct via Plex system Coordinate quality initiatives with engineering, tool room, maintenance and production. Establish programs to evaluate precision and accuracy of production equipment and testing, measurement, and analytical equipment and facilities. Follow procedures for disposition of discrepant material and devise methods to assess cost and responsibility. (Hold Cage Review) Direct workers engaged in measuring and testing product and tabulating data concerning materials, product, or process quality and reliability. Provide training material and conduct training sessions on quality control activities, Marwood quality systems, and customer defect samples. Facilitate APQP activities and report status to Plant Manager and management team. Review and assist in accurate use and function of Fast Response system and board. Develop and report on LPA schedule completion Review LPA findings and develop trend analysis of non-conforming areas with corrective actions Lead and track open CAR activities with assistance of the management team Responsible for open CAR KPI for respective division Responsible for LPA program and KPI for respective division Responsible for fast response KPI for respective division Responsible to track, monitor and approve cost of quality for division including sort, safe launch and scrap coinciding with KPI for each. Review dimensional data of existing product and review with plant manager as required Review quality loop dimensional data on new launch product Provide timely communication to customer base in any quality related events All other relevant duties  Key Requirements  University or College Graduate in Engineering Science/Quality Program Grade 12, GED, or equivalent Five (5) years plus Quality Management experience  Additional Technical And Professional Requirements  Computer efficiency skills in all required areas. Quality Audit and Testing Program completion Production Part Approval Process (PPAP) development and documentation completion Gauge and Fixture Control Program completion Successful completion of recognized Internal Quality Auditing Program  We are committed to giving people with disabilities an equal opportunity to provide feedback, and access any information they may need. Please advise if you require accommodation.  We would like to thank all candidates for expressing interest however, only those selected for interviews will be contacted. Pre-employment screening will be required.  For more information, please visit our website: www.marwoodinternational.com"
51,52,2023-04-26,Stubbe's Precast,Night Shift Quality Inspector,Mid-Senior level,"Brantford, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/night-shift-quality-inspector-at-stubbe-s-precast-3588437355?refId=DLtDQ7snS58HnMJ326HYsw%3D%3D&trackingId=u%2BgMfzOGZ9wCoft%2B9aNgTA%3D%3D&position=2&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Are you a night owl who loves to ensure that things are built to last? We have the perfect job for you!  We are seeking a Quality Control professional to join our team on the night shift as an Inspector!. As the Quality Control Inspector, you will be responsible for ensuring that our concrete products meet all necessary standards and specifications.  Stubbe’s is a family-owned and operated company that has been in business for over 40 years. At Stubbe’s, our continued focus is to provide unique, cost-effective, and lasting building solutions.  Stubbe’s started as a small precast company servicing the agricultural market, evolving over the past 40 years to a diversified company that provides a wide range of concrete (related) products and services.  Stubbe’s is known for its forward-thinking solutions, quality and customer service and offers significant experience and expertise in providing optimal solutions for commercial, industrial, residential, and agricultural structures.  Job Summary  The Quality Control Inspector works closely with management in order to conduct reviews and reports of projects, all while ensuring CPCI/CSA/ACI compliance. The Quality Control Inspector also provides guidance to employees and students ensuring continuous improvement in relation to their tasks at hand. This position is a straight night shift position Monday-Friday 5pm-5am, base rate of $21.50 - $23.00 + $3.50/hr shift premium!  Key Accountabilities Sample, inspect, and test concrete and raw materials at plants Perform pre-pour inspections of products to ensure components are built to the drawing specifications Perform post-pour inspections to determine the quality of the finished product Complete cleaning and maintenance of pre-stressing equipment as required Maintain daily records of all data Perform administrative duties of value-added products Develop technical reports and analysis of concrete quality Follow all necessary health & safety directives in accordance with legislative requirements Work with managers to conduct project specification reviews and mix design reviews Communicate and train quality processes and procedures to production employees Identify opportunities for continuous improvement Analyze data and provides well supported and applicable recommendations for action Provide ongoing mentorship and guidance to students Ensure CPCI/CSA/ACI compliance: reviews and monitors field compliance with CSA/PCI standards Assist Managers and Supervisors with various tasks Perform all other duties required by management Qualifications  An effective Quality Control Inspector at Stubbe’s must have: Ability to: Work independently; Understand company processes and procedures; Establish practical/common sense quality measure; Positively influence people; Prioritize and focus on the appropriate concerns; Multi-task; and Present information to a wide range of audiences; Strong communication skills, both oral and written Strong problem solving skills Strong attention to detail in a fast paced environment Safety oriented Strong analytical skills Computer knowledge Understanding and reading of specifications and blue prints is essential Knowledge of concrete mix designs and sieve analysis an asset Familiar with CSA, PCI or equivalent standards is an asset Experience with repair procedures Excellent communication skills If you are a reliable, detail-oriented individual who takes pride in ensuring that products are built to last, we would love to hear from you! Apply now to join our team as our Quality Control worker on the night shift.  Stubbe's is committed to providing accommodations to those individuals with disabilities throughout the recruitment process. Upon request, we will work together to meet any of your accommodation request."
52,,2023-03-31,Apta Talenta,Pricing Analyst - Revenue Team,Mid-Senior level,"Delhi, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/pricing-analyst-revenue-team-at-apta-talenta-3582003659?refId=DLtDQ7snS58HnMJ326HYsw%3D%3D&trackingId=rmJNXXOHpOJhoY6LU7OvWQ%3D%3D&position=3&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Your Responsibility  As part of the Revenue team, you will be a part of the pricing function which plays a critical role in the overall growth of various categories  Be a growth leader for the business, drive all developments pertaining to pricing strategy for the various businesses. Develop rules that will become the cornerstone of the pricing strategy for various categories at Zepto Impact customer funnel and lifecycle by creating the best priced perception in the mind of the customers Lead the prioritization and development of the category, and to maximize overall profitability by applying understanding of retailer economics, product lifecycle management and inventory control to drive profitable volume. To apply consumer and marketplace insights to maximize return from consumer and product segments. Work with various internal stakeholders like the category management team, In App merchandising team to evaluate inputs and make pricing interventions that help drive growth Proactively understand consumer behavior, spot trends in the market. Conduct regular promotional analysis. To develop in-store discount strategies for the brand / categories to deliver category goals and performance targets. Collate market information for understanding competition trends, consumer preferences and fine-tuning the pricing strategy basis these inputs. Ability to evaluate and implement pricing tools available in the market or develop the same with the tech team Support business decisions by formulating hypotheses, structured problem solving, analyze relevant data to verify hypotheses and prepare documentation to communicate the results with insights.  (ref:iimjobs.com)"
53,54,2023-04-13,LEGEND Global,Finance Clerk,Entry level,"Tillsonburg, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/finance-clerk-at-legend-global-3568699428?refId=DLtDQ7snS58HnMJ326HYsw%3D%3D&trackingId=HpMkPg6P2NNYUs0eUJnHPQ%3D%3D&position=4&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"General Aims/Summary: We are hiring two Finance Clerks. On will focus on AR/AP domestically and internationally, the other on bank reconciliations and bill payments. These roles will actively assist the finance department by accurately entering transactions into our finance system and supporting with finance items like bank reconciliations and vendor payments. The roles will also include ensuring general finance and finance administrative duties are fulfilled including backfilling for other positions on the finance team. Key duties and responsibilities: * AR/AP - Canadian, US and UK * Bank recs and bill payments - Canadian, US and UK * Collating and managing bank transactions * Conducting periodic account reconciliation and submitting the reports to the management * Organizing accounting records for regular auditing * Keeping an accurate and orderly accounting filing system * Tracking the company's transactions to identify irregular charges and refunds * Examining and managing tax payments records * Performing daily reconciliation on the company's balance sheet * Verifying the accuracy of invoices * Updating and maintaining accounting journals, ledgers, and records * Reconciliation of records for employees and vendors * Investigating data inconsistencies * Purchase invoice entry * Preparing payments to vendors * Bank & credit card reconciliations * Additional duties to include: * backup on entering receipts * sending customer invoices and statements * monitoring inventory adjustments Knowledge Skills and Abilities Required: * At least 5 years' experience in finance clerk role with ar/ap, bank rec and bill payment experience * Accounting designation an asset * At least one year of formal accounting training is mandatory * Understanding of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles * Familiar with ledger accounts and journal entries * Previous experience with accounting software such as Sage or QuickBooks * Good computer skills and the ability to communicate via email to a professional standard. * Highly motivated and driven. * Communicate and interact within the company in a respectful and helpful manner. * Able to perform under pressure and to a deadline. * Ability to work independently or as part of a team. * Legendary attitude! Company Description Legend Fleet Solutions produces flooring and wall liners for cargo vans in North America and Europe. Our products are designed for Interior Protection and Safety, both of the vehicle and the employee. We currently service some of the largest fleets in North America, and are excited to continue our rapid growth with a successful and energetic team!  Legend Fleet Solutions produces flooring and wall liners for cargo vans in North America and Europe. Our products are designed for Interior Protection and Safety, both of the vehicle and the employee. We currently service some of the largest fleets in North America, and are excited to continue our rapid growth with a successful and energetic team!"
54,55,2023-04-21,Randstad Canada,Bilingual Data Entry Clerk,Entry level,"Brantford, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/bilingual-data-entry-clerk-at-randstad-canada-3577491510?refId=DLtDQ7snS58HnMJ326HYsw%3D%3D&trackingId=KXoZhcAHtIofpt2W7jvdvg%3D%3D&position=5&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Bilingual Data Entry Clerk in Brantford  Are you a bilingual administrator with strong communication and excel skills? Do you thrive in a fast-paced environment and are currently looking for your next opportunity in Brantford? If so, we want to hear from you.  We are looking for a Bilingual Data Entry Clerk to work a temporary assignment. This role has the potential to turn permanent for the right candidate. A typical day in the role would consist of assisting the sales team, providing outstanding customer service in both English and French via verbal and written communication as well as inputting new client information into the database. The ideal candidate will have an outgoing personality, enjoy working in a sales or customer service environment and have the desire to learn and grow within the organization.  This position offers a competitive salary and the opportunity to gain experience with an established organization in Brantford. If you are interested in applying for this position, please email your resume to destina.okanovic@randstad.ca today!  Advantages Temporary to permanent opportunity Monday to Friday daytime hours $25/hr - $28/hr 4% vacation pay Fun, energetic team members Working for an established, well-known company in Brantford Room for growth  Responsibilities Engage potential new clients through lead follow-up, outbound cold calls, and emails Input, update, and maintain customer information on leads, prospects, and opportunities Preparation and follow up of customer quotations Close new business and onboard customers ensuring all required documents are received and the customer is set up as per internal procedure Manage new and existing relationships by creating rapport via regular contact and follow up Answer customer inquiries and concerns regarding product availability, pricing etc. Adhere to monthly Sales call targets and KPIs Learn and demonstrate solid product & services knowledge to ensure performance delivery Explore and identify customer and market trends and best practices to effectively prospect in our market  Qualifications Must be proficient in verbal and written communication in both English and French One to two years’ experience in a Customer Service or administrative role Working knowledge of Microsoft office suite (Outlook, Excel, Word, Teams) Self-starter, efficient, organized Capable of consistently producing high quality work under pressure and in a timely fashion Strong proficiency in order entry systems Strong attention to detail and organizational skills Ability to work well with others and follow instructions Being flexible and adaptable to the work requirements Ability to work in a fast pace environment and help the team when needed  Summary  How to Apply? Email your resume to destina.okanovic@randstad.ca! Apply online at Randstad.ca today!  Randstad Canada is committed to fostering a workforce reflective of all peoples of Canada. As a result, we are committed to developing and implementing strategies to increase the equity, diversity and inclusion within the workplace by examining our internal policies, practices, and systems throughout the entire lifecycle of our workforce, including its recruitment, retention and advancement for all employees. In addition to our deep commitment to respecting human rights, we are dedicated to positive actions to affect change to ensure everyone has full participation in the workforce free from any barriers, systemic or otherwise, especially equity-seeking groups who are usually underrepresented in Canada's workforce, including those who identify as women or non-binary/gender non-conforming; Indigenous or Aboriginal Peoples; persons with disabilities (visible or invisible) and; members of visible minorities, racialized groups and the LGBTQ2+ community.  Randstad Canada is committed to creating and maintaining an inclusive and accessible workplace for all its candidates and employees by supporting their accessibility and accommodation needs throughout the employment lifecycle. We ask that all job applications please identify any accommodation requirements by sending an email to accessibility@randstad.ca to ensure their ability to fully participate in the interview process."
55,56,2023-04-09,Canada Post / Postes Canada,Letter Carrier - Delivery Agent - BRANTFORD,Mid-Senior level,"Brantford, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/letter-carrier-delivery-agent-brantford-at-canada-post-postes-canada-3436138562?refId=DLtDQ7snS58HnMJ326HYsw%3D%3D&trackingId=x5MfCl6i%2FL9srbBBJfTYlw%3D%3D&position=6&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Job Requisition Id: 140522  Business Function: Delivery Operations  Primary City: Brantford  Other Location(s):  Province: Ontario  Employment Type: Temporary - New  Employment Status: Temporary  Language Requirement: English Essential  Number of Vacancies [[numberOpenings]]  Salary:22.24  Job Closing Date (MM/DD/YYYY):05/26/2023  Job Description  Canada Post is an exciting place to work! And you can be part of it!  We deliver billions of items to Canadians each year – and you can be a big part of making this happen. As a temporary, on-call delivery agent (also known as a letter carrier), you’ll be the face of Canada Post in your community and make sure customers and businesses get the mail and parcels they’re waiting for.  Does this sound like you? The role of delivery agent would be a great fit if you: like meeting people and making their day enjoy being outside and active year-round want to work for a great national company would be proud to serve your fellow Canadians Job Responsibilities  What will you do? You’ll start your day in the depot, sorting and preparing the day’s deliveries You’ll load and drive a Canada Post postal vehicle Job Responsibilities (continued) You’ll then spend most of your day outside, delivering mail and packages by foot or by vehicle to customers on your route You’ll return to the depot to unload the day’s incoming mail and packages for later delivery Qualifications  What must you have? A valid Class 5 or Class G driver’s licence with a safe driving record for at least 3 years (driver's abstract required) The physical ability to lift mail items weighing up to 22.7 kg (50 lb) and carry items weighing up to 15.9 kg (35 lb) regularly throughout the day The ability to work in all types of weather The availability to be on-call The ability to read, write and speak English and/or French These help, too! Experience in customer service Experience making deliveries or working as a driver In Return, We Offer Competitive pay Extensive classroom and on-the-job training about your duties and safety on the job Opportunities for permanent employment Other Information  Today’s Canada Post - Canada Post is an e-commerce powerhouse, delivering billions of items every year. We help small businesses grow. We enrich lives in remote communities. We connect Canadians with each other and to the rest of the world. And we do all this by providing residential and business customers with the best possible delivery experience in the country.  We like to promote from within and can offer you a career rather than a job. While, like all of our delivery agents, you’ll start out on a temporary, on-call basis, you’ll have the opportunity to grow with us and obtain a permanent position … even try out new jobs in different areas of the company.  Indigenous person and those who identify as having a disability shall be given priority in the candidate selection process.  At Canada Post, we are excited to spotlight Indigenous communities within our hiring practices as we celebrate the important heritage of our great Nation.  Disability is defined as a persistent or episodic physical, sensory, or mental health condition and/or functional limitation. Disability includes both visible and hidden conditions and/or limitations that may impact vision, hearing, mobility, flexibility, dexterity, pain, learning, developmental, mental/psychological, and memory  To support data collection: This is a special measure employment equity initiative and as a result it is important to self-identify.  Canada Post is committed to providing an inclusive and barrier-free work environment, starting with the hiring process. If you are contacted by Canada Post regarding a job opportunity, please advise if you have any restrictions that need to be accommodated. All information received in relation to accommodation will be kept confidential.  To support data collection: This is a special measure employment equity initiative and as a result it is important to self-identify to ensure that this asset is recognized.  Safety Sensitive Positions  This position may be considered a Safety Sensitive position.  Employment Equity  Canada Post is committed to employment equity and encourages applications from women, Aboriginal people, persons with disabilities and visible minorities.  Conflict of Interest  The Conflict of Interest Policy prohibits employees from hiring, supervising or reporting to, directly or indirectly via the reporting hierarchy, their immediate family or close personal relations. Should you feel that you may be in an actual or potential Conflict of Interest in regard to this job opportunity, you must communicate with the designated Human Resources representative.  Accommodation  If you are contacted by Canada Post regarding a job opportunity or testing, please advise if you require accommodation.  Important Message  Your application must clearly demonstrate how you meet the requirements as Canada Post cannot make assumptions about your education and experience. We thank all those who apply. Only those selected for further consideration will be contacted.  Our Values  Canada Post’s corporate values reflect the principles, beliefs and aspirations that guide our behaviour and shape our culture.  Transformation – We will innovate and transform to win in the marketplace.  Customer – We serve Canadians with pride and passion.  Integrity – We act responsibly and with integrity.  Respect – We treat each other with fairness and respect.  Safety – We are committed to a safe and healthy environment for all our stakeholders."
56,57,2023-04-01,BearCom Canada,"Message Center Representative (Woodstock, ON, Canada)",Entry level,"Woodstock, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/message-center-representative-woodstock-on-canada-at-bearcom-canada-3587358242?refId=DLtDQ7snS58HnMJ326HYsw%3D%3D&trackingId=tkiBVsnvCFgMleDPipJH7g%3D%3D&position=7&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Description  BearCom is the largest value-added distributor of wireless, voice, data and video solutions that boost operating efficiency and increase safety. The company is currently in a high-growth phase and building a team of people who share core values of positivity, exceptional work ethic and a commitment to working hard in order to get the job done. Through partnerships with Motorola, JVC Kenwood, Avigilon, and the like, BearCom services the mission-critical communications needs of its sophisticated customer base. With nearly forty years in the industry and a reputation for technical expertise and the ability to offer customized solutions, BearCom delivers a variety of communication applications across a diverse mix of over 40 end markets in the US and Canada. BearCom's ability to create tailored solutions for its extensive base of over 20,000 active customers allows them to enjoy relationships with the Fortune 100 to small municipalities. BearCom’s headquarters and distribution center are in Dallas, TX and the company is currently partnered with the industry renowned Private Equity sponsor Bertram Funds out of San Mateo, California.  We are seeking a candidate to join our dynamic team of professional telephone operators. As a Message Center Representative, you will provide quality and efficient customer service to all BearCom customers, both external and internal.  Responsibilities  Responsible for answering and responding to incoming customer calls/inquiries. Accurately gather data in an efficient and error free manner. Assists customers and troubleshoots questions, issues, complaints, inquiries related to products and services sold. Performs other general office duties as required, which could include, order entry, or quality control checking. May be asked to participate in special projects related to client requests.  Qualifications  Must be PC literate and familiar with the Internet. Able to interpret policies and procedures. Must have good aptitude in solving customer service issues. Must exercise professional telephone etiquette and e-mail correspondence skills. Able to work as a team player and build rapport with the Support Service Callers and Clients. Must be able to multi-task. Must have enthusiasm for customer service and understand the requirements of genuine customer commitment. Must possess operational knowledge of major office equipment. Must be available for all different shifts as the call center is open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, and 365 days a year. Background checks are part of the hiring process, which may also include a Motor Vehicle Check.  BearCom offers competitive compensation to all of its employees. BearCom is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace free from discrimination and harassment. We seek to recruit and retain the most talented people from a diverse candidate pool and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other disability protected by law. All employment is decided based upon qualifications, merit and business need."
57,58,2023-03-29,Paytm,Merchant Engagement - Assistant Manager _ Delhi,Not Applicable,"Delhi, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/merchant-engagement-assistant-manager-delhi-at-paytm-3575083211?refId=DLtDQ7snS58HnMJ326HYsw%3D%3D&trackingId=KlP9hyL61qmjUJFa2B004w%3D%3D&position=8&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"About Us: Paytm is India's leading financial services company that offers full-stack payments & financial  solutions to consumers, offline merchants and online platforms. The company is on a mission to bring half a billion Indians into the mainstream economy through payments, commerce, banking, investments, and financial services. One97 Communications Limited that owns the brand Paytm is founded by Vijay Shekhar Sharma.  About the team: Drives and Grows the Revenue for one's portfolio of accounts in the region, through various payment and merchant services.  About the role:  The primary objective of this role is to drive EMI business in the designated territory Brand Mapping & OEM coordination Incumbent will need to have experience in acquiring and manage ISP’s to drive EMI Volume and increase counter share The candidate is expected to be well connected in the CDIT/CD industry Ability to independently drive EMI Volume and ensure MOM Growth Achieving monthly and quarterly EMI (Brand & Bank) targets as assigned Build, manage ISP channel and scale business & Market Visits as per the Beat Plan  Expectations/ Requirements:  Experience 6-8 years Strong understanding of Client and requirements and requirements Self-motivated & Self Driven with a zeal to perform Excellent communication and interpersonal skills  Superpowers/ Skills that will help you succeed in this role  Revenue Growth Market outreach and coverage Business Growth & Scale-up Quality of business targets Relationship management with internal stakeholders  Why join us:  A collaborative output driven program that brings cohesiveness across businesses through technology Improve the average revenue per use by increasing the cross-sell opportunities A solid 360 feedback from your peer teams on your support of their goals Respect, that is earned, not demanded from your peers and manager  Compensation:  If you are the right fit, we believe in creating wealth for you  With enviable 500 mn+ registered users, 21 mn+ merchants and depth of data in our ecosystem, we are in a unique position to democratize credit for deserving consumers & merchants – and we are committed to it. India’s largest digital lending story is brewing here. It’s your opportunity to be a part of the story!"
58,59,2023-04-24,Norfolk County,Truck Driver (TFT) (CUPE 50.23),Entry level,"Norfolk County, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/truck-driver-tft-cupe-50-23-at-norfolk-county-3584460779?refId=DLtDQ7snS58HnMJ326HYsw%3D%3D&trackingId=LgIl6yhOdZtGWbHxYlssZA%3D%3D&position=9&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Scope of Position:  Provide a variety of construction, maintenance and repair services to roadways and adjacent public property for the safety and convenience of the public.  Position Description: Conduct road way and road allowance inspections as required Repair potholes, retaining walls, guide rails and wash outs. Undertake asphalt padding, gravel resurfacing, tar and chip resurfacing, shoulder gravel resurfacing and parking lot maintenance. Undertake repair, removal, replacement and installation of catch basins, storm sewers, ditches, culverts, curb and gutters, sidewalks and signs. Use of various power and hand tools in completion of construction and maintenance activities including job site restorations. Undertake various maintenance and housekeeping activities with respect to County vehicles and equipment as well as the organization/cleanliness of the roads operations yards. Assist with the setup and cleanup of barricades, traffic barrels/cones, garbage barrels, signs, etc. for special events/festivals. Roadside debris and litter pick up and removal. Transportation of construction, maintenance and scrap materials from job sites and roads operations facilities with tandem/single axle dump trucks and one ton trucks. Operation of tandem/single axle dump trucks with plow and wing as well as one ton trucks with plow to carry out plowing, salting, sanding operations throughout the winter control season. Spot loading of construction, maintenance and scrap materials on tandem/single axle dump trucks or one ton trucks for transportation. Undertakes the setup and teardown of traffic control plan measures on job sites and performs flag person/pilot truck operations as required. Completes daily journal, driver’s record of time, vehicle inspection reports, vehicle accident/incident reports, employee incident reports and timesheets. Completes tree trimming and removal work of roadside trees where required. Maintenance of vegetation around guide rail and guide cable systems as well as other fixtures in the road allowance as required. Washing and maintenance of bridges. Perform other duties as assigned  Requirements  Knowledge and Experience: High school Grade 12 graduation Valid province of Ontario Class “DZ” licence and access to a reliable vehicle Over one year up to and including two years related experience  Skills and Abilities: An understanding of basic operation of all related equipment Computer expertise in corporate standard software (Microsoft Office) and department specific software to data search and entry and to create and modify word processed documents Must be aware of safe work practices as they relate to job responsibilities and work environment, and have the basic understanding of the Occupational Health and Safety Act  Benefits  Posting #: CUPE 50.23  Position: Truck Driver  Status: Temporary Full Time (date of hire to approximately August 31, 2023)  Employee Group: CUPE 4700  Salary: $24.09 - $30.14 per hour (2022 rates)  Division: Operations  Department: Roads  Reports To: Supervisor, Roads Operations  Location: East Yard, Villa Nova, ON  Posting Period: April 24, 2023 – May 8, 2023  How to Apply: Ensure the file extension for your resume document is .doc, .docx or .pdf If you are electing to include a cover letter, the cover letter and resume must be uploaded as 1 file.  The Corporation of Norfolk County is an equal opportunity employer. Accessibility accommodations are available for all parts of the recruitment process. Applicants need to make their needs known in advance.  Successful applicants are required to provide the Employer with a current Criminal Record Check, including a Vulnerable Sector where required and verification of education.  Thank you for your interest in this position. Only those to be interviewed will be contacted"
59,60,2023-04-11,Tundra Technical Solutions,Plant Manager (fulltime),Mid-Senior level,"Woodstock, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/plant-manager-fulltime-at-tundra-technical-solutions-3558850058?refId=DLtDQ7snS58HnMJ326HYsw%3D%3D&trackingId=jVtxXJMY0Da7gTDw6Cvicw%3D%3D&position=10&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Plant Manager / Operations Manager  Woodstock, Ontario  Permanent  What’s the job?  Leadership  As the Plant/Operations Manager for our client, will be responsible to develop and execute strategies utilizing World Class Manufacturing (WCM) techniques, thought leadership and passion for customer satisfaction. With a strategic mindset, you will drive site initiatives to achieve/surpass Company objectives, oversee and promote an effective Health, Safety & Environmental atmosphere and drive culture change through effective leadership, collaboration, and a continuous improvement (CI) mindset. As Plant Manager, you will embrace strategic and tactical accountability for implementing production strategies and related strategic operational goals to exceed customer expectations for product quality, maximizing efficiency, and optimizing production output while driving operational and continuous improvement excellence. you will also be responsible to:  Be an effective leader who can inspire, motivate and provide clear direction and accountability, while coaching and mentoring future leaders for the plant. Establish people leadership strategy and best practices to ensure achievement of overall business objectives are met. Work with the manufacturing team to translate plant strategy into specific annual performance goals and departmental objectives including KPIs, employee engagement, and plant culture enhancement.  Environment, Health, And Safety  Partner with the local safety manager/coordinator to lead site safety engagement, with a key focus and commitment to zero incidents.  Engagement  Create a culture of employee engagement, trust and talent development. Promote a co-operative labour/management approach in a unionized environment.  Other Duties As Follows  Recruit, select, train, assign, schedule, coach, counsel, and discipline employees. Communicate job expectations; planning, monitoring, appraising, and reviewing job contributions. Plan and review compensation actions; enforcing policies and procedures Contribute operations information and recommendations to strategic plans and reviews; prepare and complete action plans; implement production, productivity, quality, and customer-service standards; resolve problems; complete audits; identify trends Forecast requirements; prepare an annual budget; schedule expenditures; analyze variances; initiating corrective actions Develop operations systems by determining product handling and storage requirements; develop, implement, enforce, and evaluate policies and procedures; develop processes for receiving product, equipment utilization, inventory management and shipping Analyze process workflow, employee and space requirements and equipment layout; implement changes Maintain safe and healthy work environment by establishing, following and enforcing standards and procedures, complying with legal regulations Update job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks; participating in professional organizations Accomplish operations and organization mission by completing related results as needed Responsible for all department managers and supervisors, with review/approval responsibility for all operations employees Run a safe, injury/accident-free workplace Responsible for all aspects of vehicle and heavy equipment rentals Manage relationships with key operations vendors Track vendor pricing, rebates and service levels Review and approve all operational invoices and ensure they are submitted for payment Serve as primary point of contact when there are customer issues related to equipment quality, customer service, or accidents and mishaps on-site. In particular, this includes any issues on-site at client facilities, such as breaking a fence or tape residue on flooring Communicate customer issues with operations team and devise ways of improving the customer experience, including resolving problems and complaints Work closely with AGM and management team to set and/or implement policies, procedures and systems and to follow through with implementation. Communicate all operating policies and/or issues at department meetings Work closely with the inventory manager and team to perform analysis of our inventory and ensure we are utilizing our inventory effectively, purchasing the right equipment, maintaining solid inventory data and reduce sub-rental expenses Communicate with legal counsel and safety department to ensure all processes remain compliant with OSHA and other governmental regulations  What You Bring  7+ years of experience in a manufacturing environment, 5+ years in a leadership role Proven ability to lead cultural change and create winning teams. Demonstrated leadership, collaboration, and excellent communications skills to influence and build partnerships at all levels. Previous experience working in a unionized environment is required. Degree in business management, administration, industrial engineering, or related field with Operations Management Certificate (preferred) Advanced skills in planning to manage broad group of plant functions Strong financial acumen to diagnose and resolve business challenges in addition to budget development Efficient problem-solving skills with the ability to work in stressful situations Change management and conflict management skills Results orientation, data driven and works with a sense of urgency Available off hours for occasional support when required. Thorough understanding of lean practices and principles Tube Milling background/experience is preferred Willing to work weekends when needed Willing to work on-site in Woodstock, Ontario Must be self-driven with a mechanical aptitude and troubleshooting capabilities Excellent verbal and written communications skills in English Desire for continuous improvement while maintaining focus on quality Strong project management skills with ability to work under pressure Effective time management and organizational skills Critical thinking skills and leadership ability to make and implement good decisions within time constraints Experience with MS Office, SAP, Prefsuite, SalesLogix or other ERP and CRM systems Ability to interpret financial data and perform cost-benefit analysis Strategic leadership with proven ability to motivate, influence and train people  Job 64856"
60,61,2023-04-29,Marwood International Inc.,"Assistant General Manager - Ingersoll, ON",Mid-Senior level,"Ingersoll, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/assistant-general-manager-ingersoll-on-at-marwood-international-inc-3590004770?refId=DLtDQ7snS58HnMJ326HYsw%3D%3D&trackingId=XbFQDzBiXU7BdSV36rkZRg%3D%3D&position=11&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Assistant General Manager  Location: Ingersoll, ON  Why Join Marwood  Who We Are  Marwood International Inc. is a full service, award-winning, Tier I and 2 automotive OEM structural components and modular assembly supplier, that focuses on waste elimination and light-weighting initiatives from prototypes to full volume products to end of life service parts throughout Canada, US and Japan. Marwood is also a well-established Canadian owned manufacturing company which have been in the industry for 30+ years! We are community oriented, and focused on health and wellness.  We are happy to have you join our team!  We Offer  Competitive Pay plus premiums GREAT benefits and Perks: dental, medical and vision coverage, as well as outstanding pension plan and more Also, company provided uniforms!  Apply today to speak with our recruiter!  Responsibilities  Your Role and Responsibilities  Leadership  Investigation/Problem Solving gather and present data to reach objective conclusions and solutions and oversee the Corrective Action process People Skills Professional, respectful and courteous in all forms of communication while enforcing discipline, conflict management, coaching and development of lean tools Decision Making - Use logical reasoning in day to day activities to meet expected KPI Professionalism Maintain distance in working relationships, use maturity and confidentiality when dealing with employee relations Experience/Knowledge Knowledge of industry, company, specific work area. Basic knowledge of OHSA, advanced knowledge of Lean Manufacturing Organization Administrative skills; create, follow and enforce rules, policies, schedules and all systems Personality/Attitude - Easily get along with others, display eagerness and team work, ability to give and receive constructive criticism. Display a true sense of urgency and passion for Lean Manufacturing Provide direction and support to Production Supervisor Assist in the planning and implementation of continuous improvement of procedures Identify training needs, provide training, implement training, and document this training (utilize ""Team Support"", MOS Review, formal training through Human Resources using the Skills Matrix) Observe and assist in the evaluation of employee performance to ensure compliance with standards Facilitate weekly meetings to discuss Safety, Quality, Continuous Improvement, Corrective Action and Lean Processes. Provide ongoing feedback and coaching Accurately complete and maintain all relevant and appropriate documents Develop high performance objectives for Supervisors; communicate measure and monitor individual objectives and coach team to drive performance improvements Understand training needs of team members and ensure training is provided and measure effectiveness Jointly establish with Plant Manager, measure and exceed the metrics and measures for operations performance. Lead Kaizen activities and encourage team members to participate, measure effectiveness and lessons learned. Establish consistent and clear communication via Team Meetings / Plant (Shift) Meetings to ensure all urgent matters are communicated to the Plant Manager and other departments as required. Possess good program management skills. Acts as Production Supervisor as required. Attend daily meetings as required. Assist in the development or revision of work practises though the TWI and Die Set. 5S and assist in Kaizen activities. Utilize Lean Principals to continually improve processes. Effectively champion plant Corrective Action process. Support the correction of non-conformances on check sheets. Ensure Performance Evaluations are completed accurately and on time Ensure Production Systems are adhered to ie Dispatch list, PRP, etc. Performs other duties as required.  Quality  Ensure LPA Schedules are met and audits are complete and accurate Support Team in completion of 5Y's/CARs closures Ensure proper use and implementation of Marwood Quality Systems All other relevant duties.  Safety  Ensure all Health & Safety policies & procedures are followed. Assist in WSIB areas, administer First Aid and complete reports as required. Support completion of discipline and Health & Safety inspections. All other relevant duties.  Skills/ Capabilities  Good communication skills Continuous learning, willing to learn Effective team work oriented attitude Initiative and adaptability to change Strong work ethics and great attendance Honesty and integrity Safety conscious Excellent multitasking abilities Strong numerical abilities Superior interpersonal, relationship-building and collaboration skills Demonstrated passion and strong understanding of customer needs, service and experience Success driven vision with a ""win win"" resolution Analytical and 5-Why countermeasure thinking and implementation Familiar with Marwood Processes and procedures, Plex and computer skills Leadership skills Reputation as a highly effective team builder and leader to direct, coach and motivate team members Proven project and time management skills, analytical and problem solving skills and logistical thinking to achieve bottom line results Decision Making and Judgement Planning and Organizing Problem Solving Ethics and Integrity Mediating and Negotiating Providing Consultation Leadership Coaching and Mentoring Staff Management Enforcing Laws, Rules and Regulations  Key Requirements  Grade 12, GED, or equivalent 2 years related experience Post-secondary education or equivalent certificate  Additional Technical And Professional Requirements  Computer efficiency skills in all required areas. Computer literacy - Moderate level of proficiency with standard email, spreadsheet and word-processing software (Outlook, Excel, Word); and Plex  We are committed to giving people with disabilities an equal opportunity to provide feedback, and access any information they may need. Please advise if you require accommodation.  We would like to thank all candidates for expressing interest however, only those selected for interviews will be contacted. Pre-employment screening will be required.  For more information, please visit our website: www.marwoodinternational.com"
61,62,2023-04-01,Paladin Security,Site Security Manager Imperial Oil,Mid-Senior level,"Nanticoke, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/site-security-manager-imperial-oil-at-paladin-security-3582891859?refId=DLtDQ7snS58HnMJ326HYsw%3D%3D&trackingId=lmEgCz7cmzcDzae39PeupQ%3D%3D&position=12&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Overview Paladin Security: Making the World a Safer and Friendlier Place because we **CARE**!  Do you have superior customer service skills and a passion for helping people? Are you able to think quickly on your feet and defuse difficult situations? Your track record of handling a great deal of responsibility combined with your varied life experience and enthusiasm for a job well done make you an ideal candidate for our team! The Paladin Difference starts with our officers; we're the best because we hire the best. We believe in promoting from within, respecting people and their differences, providing high quality service and always having fun! If you think you have what it takes to join our team, we want to meet you!  Job Skills / Requirements  Position:** Site Security Manager Site:** Imperial Oil City:** Nanticoke, Ontario Status:** Full Time (40 hours per week) Hours:** Day Shift (non-union position) Pay Rate:** TBD – Wage/Hourly  Are you interested in starting a career in a fast-paced and growing industry? As a provider of security services to clients with complex security needs, Paladin Security Group is offering an exciting career opportunity for you to give back to your community, while developing skills for future careers. Our training programs are also a leader in the security industry, and they will help prepare you for advancements, as well as build your resume for a potential career in law enforcement.  **Position Overview**  Reporting to the Sarnia Branch Manager, this key leadership/systems coordinator position supports and guides the Paladin Security Team serving the Nanticoke site. Primary responsibilities will include system oversite and stewardship within the Imperial Oil Global Operation Integrity Management System (OIMS), relative to the Security Program Review for the Nanticoke Site.  **Skills/Qualifications**  Working knowledge of OH&S Acts, Codes and Regulations. Strong interpersonal skills and a proactive leadership style. Experienced in Jobsite Inspection and Behavior Based Observation. Ability to analyze data for trends and develop corrective action plans following the FRCS process as well as report flagged items to Site Security Coordinator. Advanced knowledge of Field Level Risk Assessment. Ability to analyze data for trends and develop corrective actions within security programs. Ability to create a safety culture encouraging positive work behavior and supportive management practices. Ability to prepare, organize and manage effective safety meetings and safety presentations. Drive efficiency and continuous improvement within role. Provide direct feedback via coaching and supporting staff.  **Network Demands**  The Site Security Manager position entails being available to IOL Site Security upon request to address service demands.  **Communication Skills**  The Site Security Manager position requires excellent interpersonal communication skills.  **Physical Demands**  This position is mostly stationed out of an office. At times physical demands may be required.  **Preferred Qualifications**  The preferred qualifications for this **Site Security Manager** position includes experience in access systems and knowledge of OH&S. Additional training or education in a related field an asset.  Requirements  Minimum of 2 years' experience in a Paladin / Industrial security leadership role. Minimum Grade 12 and post-secondary education in safety and/or security preferred. Strong interpersonal and communication skills and a proactive leadership style. Excellent computer skills and ability to create and maintain electronic procedures and templates.  Essential Job Functions And Duties  Acts as frontline Supervisor to security guards in all matters on site. Stewards and serves as a role model for the security program. Reviews and attests job specific Job Loss Analysis and Post Orders. Provides training and/or coaching to security team. Responsible for site security safety program and stewardship. Produces and maintains security and safety reporting formats. Assists IOL Site Security Contact to complete gap closures from OIMS, GS-SPR, CIMS, Internal reviews and from regular stewardship learnings. Drive efficiency and continuous improvement within role. Develop and maintain all security SharePoint documentation and plans. Data Inputting for LPS documents. Gathering and analysis of Safety data and Loss program. Upkeep of Post Orders, Security General Post Orders both SharePoint and hard copies. Work with Site Security Contact on site Security Program Reviews. Focal point for all Global Security reporting (Impact). Involved in department strategic planning, training and evaluation. Participates in incident investigation. Working closely with the IOL Site Security Contact on daily issues that come up. Stewards and serves as a role model for the safety program. Steward the monthly Loss Prevention Observation program. Development of measurements and programs, including functional Near Miss Reporting, peer behavior-based assessments and share learnings with security. Contributes and attends Site Safety meetings. Oversee the Security Training and sign off all new Security Guards coming to the site. Manage key control issues and audit to ensure integrity of key issuance. Work closely with contracted locksmith on site keys and cores.  Highlights  Extensive Paid Industry Training - Opportunities for Growth & Advancement At the time of the interview applicant must be able to produce proof of completion of the following prerequisites:** Immunization Record Full Covid Vaccine A Valid Ontario Security Guard License Proficient in English (both oral and written) Successful completion of the following requirements provided by Paladin are mandatory prior to placement:** Report Writing Additional courses as assigned Upon hire successful applicants will be required to complete the following Paladin online courses:** Successful completion of Paladin's online Customer Service Successful completion of Paladin's online Diversity Awareness Successful completion of Paladin's online Supervisor 1 Successful completion of Paladin's online Supervisor 2 – Advanced Leadership Successful completion of Paladin's online Supervisor 3 – OH&S Successful completion of Paladin's online Managing in a Unionized Environment Successful completion of Paladin's online Paladin OHS Orientation Successful completion of Paladin's online Mental Health Awareness Successful completion of Paladin's online Workplace Respect Successful completion of Paladin's online Slips, Trips and Falls Additional courses as assigned  #IND28  Certification Requirements (All)  Standard First Aid, CPR Level C  Valid Ontario Security License  Additional Information / Benefits  Paladin Security has a diverse workforce. We believe in and are committed to a workplace culture of respect, inclusion, and diversity. Paladin Security is committed to providing accommodations for people with disabilities through the interview process and while employed. If you require an accommodation during the interview process, please let us know and we will work with you to meet your needs. We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those applicants that are short listed will be contacted for an interview."
62,63,2023-04-01,Q2 Impact,"Chief of Party, USAID India Health Learning Activity",Executive,"Delhi, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/chief-of-party-usaid-india-health-learning-activity-at-q2-impact-3584205839?refId=DLtDQ7snS58HnMJ326HYsw%3D%3D&trackingId=1n4IhQSw5%2Fg%2FtQ%2FRTX9Q9Q%3D%3D&position=13&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"About The Company  Q2 Impact, doing business as The QED Group LLC, is a global consulting firm with more than 24 years of experience providing data-driven and insightful solutions in nearly 100 countries. Q2 Impact transforms lives through knowledge-based solutions. Leveraging deep expertise in monitoring, evaluation, global health, and learning, Q2 Impact helps clients collect, analyze, visualize, and ultimately use in more effective ways. Q2 Impact work maximizes results through the use of cutting-edge data analytics and visualization, technology and innovation, organizational development, and evidence-based decision-making. We are a fast-paced and exciting organization that is collaborative and provides incentives for growth. For more information about the company, please visit www.q2impact.com .  Project Background  The India Health Learning Activity will leverage a combination of Monitoring, Evaluation, and Learning and Collaboration, Learning, and Adapting platforms to capture lessons learned from USAID/India health programming and its response to COVID-19, use data to document India’s successes, and to shape strategy in the region, and to create an effective health learning strategy. In effect, using data, technology, and talent for greater impact.  Q2 Impact is hiring an experienced Chief of Party who will lead the India Health Learning Activity by working closely with the USAID/India Mission and manage staff and the technical direction of activities. The Chief of Party will be responsible for being forward-looking, anticipating the needs of the Mission, and adapting accordingly.  This position is contingent upon contract award.  Duties And Responsibilities  The COP will lead and manage Q2 Impact’s efforts in Delhi, India to achieve project results. S/he will provide vision, technical leadership, and management to ensure that the activity is implemented in a manner that is consistent with project work plans and USAID requirements through managing a complex program, including the recruitment and supervision of long and short-term staff and consultants, and interact productively with the Mission, Embassy, GOI officials, and other stakeholders and development actors. Other responsibilities include: Program Management, Program Implementation and Technical Management Define guiding vision of the project and build consensus with stakeholders. Lead the development of the work plan with team members. Oversee project management systems for finance, administration, logistics, human resources and strategic operation. Serve as the main point of contact for the contract with the USAID India, Indian Ministry of Health, implementing partners, other donors, and Indian government. Lead work planning, including contingency planning if necessary, and oversee the operations of the contract to achieve successful implementation of activities. Ensure quality control and overall responsiveness of MEL technical assistance provided under the contract, including necessary adjustments to operations to fit the requirements of USAID and working environment in India. Serve as the main point of contact with the USAID and implementing partners and provide overall vision and leadership of the India Health Learning project. Manage and oversee preparation and ensure timely submission of all deliverables. Ensure the quality of all data collection, analyses, reports, and other deliverables and that they meet Q2 Impact and USAID quality control/assurance standards. Direct and monitor execution of all activities within the work plan and ad hoc requests. Coordinate with Q2 Impact Home Office on technical activities to ensure proper reporting, quality and tracking. Ensure appropriate thought leadership and communications pieces are coming from the project, highlight pain points for innovation or opportunities for piloting innovation activities. Lead project to attainment of high CPARs. Personnel Management Mentor local staff to enhance capacity and actively contribute expertise to the Contract overall and provide strategic and operational direction. Ensure the completion of timely reports, evaluations, analyses, assessments, and deliverables that meet USAID quality control/assurance standards. Ensure compliance with the terms and conditions of the Contract. Achieve program results efficiently, in a timely fashion and in compliance with USAID, US Government policies and procedures. Implement a positive corporate culture; support other groups and practices in attaining their goals/targets. Motivate staff to perform effectively toward project objectives, through communication, team building incentives, and responsiveness. Lead through example, offer and implement constructive and practical solutions, and implement current and revised policies, procedures, and systems. Communications and Information Management Maintain two-way communication throughout the project with Client, team, home office, subcontractors, and other relevant project organizations. Communicate with interested individuals, organizations, stakeholders as needed. Make formal and informal presentations on request by Client or as needed for other parties. Prepare periodic reports to Client on progress towards project objectives. Represent Company interests. Ensure the promotion of the project among Ministry/client department heads, professional groups, and other relevant people. Establish criteria, guidelines, and formats for project plans and reports. Model and ensure collaboration among project Senior Management Team on operational matters as well as programmatic matters. Ensure that data and insights are read, discussed, and used to adapt and inform program designs Contractual and Financial Management Execute contract in compliance with contract provisions. Manage contract and project finances (budget and funds). Manage the contract budget in coordination with the Director of Finance and Administration and Q2 Impact Home Office. Maintain administrative and financial controls, and records, pursuant to Q2 Impact’s financial and administrative procedures. Recommend changes in contract and budget. Develop input for and guide response to audit questions and client feedback. Manage commodity procurement, inventory, and general logistics. Ensure high quality in fulfilling contract. Represent Q2 Impact by protecting its contractual interests. Lead the resolution of issues that arise with the client, sub-contractors, and other partners and stakeholders. Identify issues and risks related to contract management in a timely manner.  5. Other Duties and Responsibilities as Related to Assignment and Position Develop and maintain systems that promote the safety and security of all team members. Support identification of growth opportunities in the region for Q2 Impact and participate in business development as needed.  Qualifications Master’s (or other advanced) degree in public health, social sciences, organizational development, or other relevant discipline. Experience in leading similar teams to promote the use of evidence-based programming and learning. Demonstrated leadership skills with a focus on achieving results. At least 10 years of progressive experience as a COP or in senior field management experience such as: Project Director, Regional Director or Country Director roles, demonstrating professional interaction with senior U.S. and foreign government officials in India with a similar scope and size. Previous experience working on a USG program and knowledge of USG regulations and requirements. Technical expertise in learning health systems, public health, or PEPFAR programming. Proven ability to work collaboratively with government, donors, the private sector, and community organizations to advance development and health objectives. Strong understanding of multi-sectoral development theory and thorough working knowledge of USG, regulations, policies, procedures, and programs desirable. Demonstrated experience leading and managing multi-disciplinary teams to achieve results in a fast-paced, evolving environment. Demonstrated familiarity with health management information systems highly desirable.  Excellent interpersonal skills and experience writing and making professional presentations in English.  Interested candidates please respond to this advertisement and can also share your CV at SMadaan@q2impact.com  Please note that applications submitted by other means; or without either a resume/CV and/or biodata may not be considered. Only individuals who who meet the criteria detailed above will be contacted  This position is for a proposal and is contingent upon the contract being awarded to our organization. A submitted application to QED in response to a position on a bid or proposal, indicates your agreement to be included in our submission to the client at least on an illustrative named basis."
63,64,2023-04-24,Cialfo,University Enrolment Advisor (Canada Destination),Mid-Senior level,"Delhi, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/university-enrolment-advisor-canada-destination-at-cialfo-3577469066?refId=DLtDQ7snS58HnMJ326HYsw%3D%3D&trackingId=N1WNh7JJLgyNNYp7c7Fnng%3D%3D&position=14&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Cialfo is a leading platform connecting students, higher education institutions, and counselors through technology-driven solutions. Launched in 2017 with a mission to make education accessible to 100 million students, Cialfo provides a range of mobile and web solutions to students, K-12 institutions, and higher education institutions. We’re one of the fastest-growing tech startups in the region, consistently charting new heights!  Be part of the future of global student recruitment and help us write the next big chapter in a student’s life by enriching their enrolment journey -- from helping them find their best-fit courses to pursue, to helping them cross borders and enrol in their dream universities. On top of that, we make every effort to alleviate the manual (or busy) work from counsellors so they can invest their time in meaningful student engagement. Join us in our mission to make education accessible to over 100 million students globally.  About This Role  We are looking for a talented University Enrolment Advisor to support our Direct Apply function and link students to their dream college (Canada Location). The role requires a strong client service background and a profound aspiration to help students make the right decision for their next academic steps. This is a global role where the UEA will be assisting students, parents, and counselors from Cialfo schools across different regions. You help them make the right educational choices by assisting with their queries, introducing them to colleges and courses that best “fit” their profile, ensuring a smooth application process, and finally helping with any roadblocks in their application.  What You Will Be Doing Respond to inbound inquiries about programs listed on Cialfo (Students/Parents) and counselors. Stay up-to-date with programmes and university profiles of the allocated university network region. Nurture and keep track of student applications. Assist students with all key stages of their applications - search, application, documents, submissions, offer acceptances and enrolments. Contribute in developing and adopting processes to build data to manage student success on Cialfo and CRM. Work closely with the Growth and Marketing team to identify and stay on top of industry trends and new students’ opportunities.  About You Qualifications 2-3 years of experience working with university representatives in application and/or admission related matters. At least bachelor’s degree. Skills & Qualities Flexibility with regards to working times given the global nature of the team and clients. An understanding of universities’ academic programs and admissions processes is a plus. Experience working with university representatives in application and/or admission related matters is a plus. Exceptional verbal and written communication skills Excellent active listening skills. Salesforce proficient. An energy that is ignited through daily client engagement. A winning attitude which you use to drive outcomes. Fantastic communication and consulting skills - the ability to collaborate with clients to uncover how they define success. Solid understanding of enterprise SaaS applications and collaboration technology. Excellent coaching, writing, discovery, and presentation skills. Comfortable and willing to be a hands-on contributor. Visit our culture manifesto deck to learn more about the unique Cialfo culture and the opportunity to be one of us. This is an opportunity to be a part of a fun, flexible, and fast-moving organization which is scaling its global footprint.  The Benefits Of Being a Cialfolk  Exact benefits vary depending on your location. That said, all full-time Cialfo employees receive the following benefits: Paid Annual and Medical leaves Flexible working environment Comprehensive Health Insurance Flexible Credit Benefits and more..."
64,,2023-04-12,Lawn Plus Canada,Summer Management Internship,Internship,"Woodstock, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/summer-management-internship-at-lawn-plus-canada-3566797919?refId=DLtDQ7snS58HnMJ326HYsw%3D%3D&trackingId=toJkuTY0XGFkE%2Bbd1i6rRw%3D%3D&position=15&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Lawn-plus Canada Internship opportunities will provide candidates with a unique opportunity to get hands-on management experience - experience that future employers are looking for!  We are currently hiring for a 8-month general manager who will be responsible for the majority of day to day activities inside of the business.  The position is broken into two 4 month commitments.  Part time from February to the end of April, and full time from May until the end of August.  During the 8-month work term, you will be responsible for the following: Developing and implementing a marketing strategy Selling to customers Recruiting and training employees inside the business Project management General administration  What’s in it for YOU? Extensive hands-on training on every aspect of your role. We don’t hire for experience, we hire for attitude and work ethic. Access to our senior management team throughout the year to provide you with the mentorship needed to succeed in the role. Training on how to manage your time efficiently so you can excel in school, and your position. $20 to $25 per hour A growth opportunity like no other. This role will challenge you more than any other role has, and as a result, you will grow immensely. This is not your typical clock-in-clock-out internship where your biggest responsibility is data entry. This role puts you in the driver seat of your own company for the summer and gives you the opportunity to gain skills that very few people develop until much later in their career.  What would make you a great fit? You are currently studying towards a college diploma or university degree You are able to work part time from February -> April and full time from May -> August You currently have a G2 or G level licence You have strong communication skills that will enable you to thrive in selling customers and managing employees  How To Apply:  To apply for this role, please submit your application with a resume and cover letter.  After we have received your application, a senior member of our staff will contact you to discuss next steps in the recruitment process.  Please know we will do our best to respond to every application and given the highly competitive nature of the role, it may be challenging for us to do so.  We appreciate your patience through this process.  Additional Information  We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. Underrepresented candidates including, but not limited to, People with disabilities, female, 2SLGBTQIA+ and/or Black, Indigenous, Asian, Latin, or two or more races are strongly encouraged to apply.  We are committed to accommodating any applicant with a disability, as required by law, during the recruitment, assessment, and selection process. If you require a disability related accommodation in order to participate in the recruitment process, please let us know.  Sponsorship for work authorization is not available for this role. It is the applicant’s responsibility to ensure they are authorized to work in the location to which they apply."
65,,2023-04-12,Lawn Plus Canada,Summer Management Internship,Internship,"Brantford, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/summer-management-internship-at-lawn-plus-canada-3566802395?refId=DLtDQ7snS58HnMJ326HYsw%3D%3D&trackingId=eXg1XqB37BgMkHQWqlj3Mw%3D%3D&position=16&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Lawn-plus Canada Internship opportunities will provide candidates with a unique opportunity to get hands-on management experience - experience that future employers are looking for!  We are currently hiring for a 8-month general manager who will be responsible for the majority of day to day activities inside of the business.  The position is broken into two 4 month commitments.  Part time from February to the end of April, and full time from May until the end of August.  During the 8-month work term, you will be responsible for the following: Developing and implementing a marketing strategy Selling to customers Recruiting and training employees inside the business Project management General administration  What’s in it for YOU? Extensive hands-on training on every aspect of your role. We don’t hire for experience, we hire for attitude and work ethic. Access to our senior management team throughout the year to provide you with the mentorship needed to succeed in the role. Training on how to manage your time efficiently so you can excel in school, and your position. $20 to $25 per hour A growth opportunity like no other. This role will challenge you more than any other role has, and as a result, you will grow immensely. This is not your typical clock-in-clock-out internship where your biggest responsibility is data entry. This role puts you in the driver seat of your own company for the summer and gives you the opportunity to gain skills that very few people develop until much later in their career.  What would make you a great fit? You are currently studying towards a college diploma or university degree You are able to work part time from February -> April and full time from May -> August You currently have a G2 or G level licence You have strong communication skills that will enable you to thrive in selling customers and managing employees  How To Apply:  To apply for this role, please submit your application with a resume and cover letter.  After we have received your application, a senior member of our staff will contact you to discuss next steps in the recruitment process.  Please know we will do our best to respond to every application and given the highly competitive nature of the role, it may be challenging for us to do so.  We appreciate your patience through this process.  Additional Information  We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. Underrepresented candidates including, but not limited to, People with disabilities, female, 2SLGBTQIA+ and/or Black, Indigenous, Asian, Latin, or two or more races are strongly encouraged to apply.  We are committed to accommodating any applicant with a disability, as required by law, during the recruitment, assessment, and selection process. If you require a disability related accommodation in order to participate in the recruitment process, please let us know.  Sponsorship for work authorization is not available for this role. It is the applicant’s responsibility to ensure they are authorized to work in the location to which they apply."
66,,2023-04-12,Lawn Plus Canada,Summer Management Internship,Internship,"Port Dover, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/summer-management-internship-at-lawn-plus-canada-3566803038?refId=DLtDQ7snS58HnMJ326HYsw%3D%3D&trackingId=nnsKhbq4jUILu38nw3iiqQ%3D%3D&position=17&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Lawn-plus Canada Internship opportunities will provide candidates with a unique opportunity to get hands-on management experience - experience that future employers are looking for!  We are currently hiring for a 8-month general manager who will be responsible for the majority of day to day activities inside of the business.  The position is broken into two 4 month commitments.  Part time from February to the end of April, and full time from May until the end of August.  During the 8-month work term, you will be responsible for the following: Developing and implementing a marketing strategy Selling to customers Recruiting and training employees inside the business Project management General administration  What’s in it for YOU? Extensive hands-on training on every aspect of your role. We don’t hire for experience, we hire for attitude and work ethic. Access to our senior management team throughout the year to provide you with the mentorship needed to succeed in the role. Training on how to manage your time efficiently so you can excel in school, and your position. $20 to $25 per hour A growth opportunity like no other. This role will challenge you more than any other role has, and as a result, you will grow immensely. This is not your typical clock-in-clock-out internship where your biggest responsibility is data entry. This role puts you in the driver seat of your own company for the summer and gives you the opportunity to gain skills that very few people develop until much later in their career.  What would make you a great fit? You are currently studying towards a college diploma or university degree You are able to work part time from February -> April and full time from May -> August You currently have a G2 or G level licence You have strong communication skills that will enable you to thrive in selling customers and managing employees  How To Apply:  To apply for this role, please submit your application with a resume and cover letter.  After we have received your application, a senior member of our staff will contact you to discuss next steps in the recruitment process.  Please know we will do our best to respond to every application and given the highly competitive nature of the role, it may be challenging for us to do so.  We appreciate your patience through this process.  Additional Information  We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. Underrepresented candidates including, but not limited to, People with disabilities, female, 2SLGBTQIA+ and/or Black, Indigenous, Asian, Latin, or two or more races are strongly encouraged to apply.  We are committed to accommodating any applicant with a disability, as required by law, during the recruitment, assessment, and selection process. If you require a disability related accommodation in order to participate in the recruitment process, please let us know.  Sponsorship for work authorization is not available for this role. It is the applicant’s responsibility to ensure they are authorized to work in the location to which they apply."
67,68,2023-04-24,Cialfo,University Enrolment Advisor (Australia Destination),Mid-Senior level,"Delhi, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/university-enrolment-advisor-australia-destination-at-cialfo-3577464780?refId=DLtDQ7snS58HnMJ326HYsw%3D%3D&trackingId=zmFLviUp5VYAY1TGbCtFaw%3D%3D&position=18&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Cialfo is a leading platform connecting students, higher education institutions, and counselors through technology-driven solutions. Launched in 2017 with a mission to make education accessible to 100 million students, Cialfo provides a range of mobile and web solutions to students, K-12 institutions, and higher education institutions. We’re one of the fastest-growing tech startups in the region, consistently charting new heights!  Be part of the future of global student recruitment and help us write the next big chapter in a student’s life by enriching their enrolment journey -- from helping them find their best-fit courses to pursue, to helping them cross borders and enrol in their dream universities. On top of that, we make every effort to alleviate the manual (or busy) work from counsellors so they can invest their time in meaningful student engagement. Join us in our mission to make education accessible to over 100 million students globally.  About This Role  We are looking for a talented Student Enrolment Advisor to support our Direct Apply function and link students to their dream college (Australia Location). The role requires a strong client service background and a profound aspiration to help students make the right decision for their next academic steps. This is a global role where the UEA will be assisting students, parents, and counselors from Cialfo schools across different regions. You help them make the right educational choices by assisting with their queries, introducing them to colleges and courses that best “fit” their profile, ensuring a smooth application process, and finally helping with any roadblocks in their application.  What You Will Be Doing Respond to inbound inquiries about programs listed on Cialfo (Students/Parents) and counselors. Stay up-to-date with programmes and university profiles of the allocated university network region. Nurture and keep track of student applications. Assist students with all key stages of their applications - search, application, documents, submissions, offer acceptances and enrolments. Contribute in developing and adopting processes to build data to manage student success on Cialfo and CRM. Work closely with the Growth and Marketing team to identify and stay on top of industry trends and new students’ opportunities.  About You Qualifications 2-3 years of experience working with university representatives in application and/or admission related matters. At least bachelor’s degree. Skills & Qualities Flexibility with regards to working times given the global nature of the team and clients. An understanding of universities’ academic programs and admissions processes is a plus. Experience working with university representatives in application and/or admission related matters is a plus. Exceptional verbal and written communication skills Excellent active listening skills. Salesforce proficient. An energy that is ignited through daily client engagement. A winning attitude which you use to drive outcomes. Fantastic communication and consulting skills - the ability to collaborate with clients to uncover how they define success. Solid understanding of enterprise SaaS applications and collaboration technology. Excellent coaching, writing, discovery, and presentation skills. Comfortable and willing to be a hands-on contributor. Visit our culture manifesto deck to learn more about the unique Cialfo culture and the opportunity to be one of us. This is an opportunity to be a part of a fun, flexible, and fast-moving organization which is scaling its global footprint.  The Benefits Of Being a Cialfolk  Exact benefits vary depending on your location. That said, all full-time Cialfo employees receive the following benefits: Paid Annual and Medical leaves Flexible working environment Comprehensive Health Insurance Flexible Credit Benefits and more..."
68,69,2023-03-31,ASC Engineered Solutions,Inside Sales Representative,Entry level,"Simcoe, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/inside-sales-representative-at-asc-engineered-solutions-3546411213?refId=DLtDQ7snS58HnMJ326HYsw%3D%3D&trackingId=l20J2vGuD3X2ebXpxSaLNg%3D%3D&position=19&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"About The Company  Following the 2019 merger of Anvil International and Smith-Cooper International, our unified company relaunched in March 2021 as ASC Engineered Solutions. Under a single name and logo, ASC Engineered Solutions continues our focus on improving the customer experience every day and striving to deliver service excellence. For more than 150 years we have provided the finest-quality pipe products and services with integrity and dedication to superior customer service at all levels. ASC Engineered Solutions provides expertise and product solutions for a wide range of applications, from plumbing and mechanical, HVAC, industrial and fire protection to mining, and oil and gas. Our comprehensive line of products includes: pipe couplings, plain-end fittings, valves, cast and malleable iron fittings, forged steel fittings, steel pipe nipples and couplings, pipe hangers and hardware, channel and strut fittings, mining and oil field fittings, and much more.  Core Values Required  Act with integrity Treat co-workers with respect Build relationships with internal and external customers Work safely Deliver exceptional results  How You Will Help  Fluent in writing and speaking English and French Enter faxed and emailed orders in M3 system, confirm pricing, delivery and allocate inventory against the Regional Distribution Centre. Complete EDI orders in Lawson Products software (M3) and complete as noted above for faxed orders Answer customer calls with regards to order status, inventory availability, and price. Provide customer with shipping information Communicate “back order” status to the customer. Contact our manufacturing facilities to obtain pricing and delivery on special order requests. Prepare quotes and send to customer Prepare excel spreadsheets with sales information Liaison with sales rep, discussing customer issues and requirements Contact customer to follow up on orders and make sure their needs have been met to foster future sales. Gather data and solve problems File orders  What You Will Have  Grade 12 Diploma minimum, preferable college or university degree in business/sales or equivalent experience Hours of work Monday to Friday 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. Competency using a computer and keyboard Proficient in Microsoft Office Programs ie Word, Excel, Outlook  ASC Engineered Solutions is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law."
69,70,2022-12-14,Holcim,Senior Analyst - Commercial & Logistics,Mid-Senior level,"Paris, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/senior-analyst-commercial-logistics-at-holcim-3393615830?refId=DLtDQ7snS58HnMJ326HYsw%3D%3D&trackingId=QMiBJOUecfIhLYFgoPwCTw%3D%3D&position=20&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"   The ECAN Aggregate strategy brings significant focus on performance, logistics, and sustainability with the underlying megatrend of digital.  The Senior Analyst, Topline data and systems integration is responsible for commercial, logistics and sustainability analysis, reporting, development of cost saving and circular economy efforts including trial and execution of digital solutions, process mechanization and improvement, and supporting operational and business cycle activities such as strategic plan, inventory optimization, and customer portfolio analysis.           Data Analytics and Optimization of Results    The Senior Analyst, Topline data and systems integration supports the collection, assessment, and interpretation of data from various systems and sources to develop forward looking solutions.  This includes analyzing data and articulating results and business drivers, applying statistical methods to uncover underlying trends and improve forecasting techniques, and make data-backed recommendations for business improvements.  This may also include inventory planning and optimization activities.   Results will be shared with Territory and Commercial Managers in periodic results reviews.        Business Cycle and Strategic Support  The Senior Analyst, Topline data and systems integration will support the Commercial Manager to prepare annual business cycle activities such as the commercial plan, strategic plan, and price reviews.  This will include market analysis, benchmarking and competitor / customer analysis, data extraction and analysis, and data-backed recommendations.  This role may also support special projects such as reserve position analysis and long term action plans for circular economy growth.   Mechanization and Development of Digital Solutions  The Senior Analyst, Topline data and systems integration will support the mechanization of processes across the region in alignment with the ECAN approach, and will support analysis, trial, execution, training, troubleshooting and analytics of various digital solutions such as TMS, online bidding platforms, reporting and analysis tools, remote dispatch and other innovative digital solutions.  This role will also develop and maintain various information systems and databases.  Relationship with Others  Interacts with the market area General Manager, ECAN Commercial Performance manager, area commercial and territory managers, local market Logistics managers and teams, and Procurement.  Regular interaction with Lafarge IT team, external software providers, and external haul service providers.  Specific Accountabilities:  Analytics and Strategy: Complete data gathering, assessment, and interpretation activities and market research, to support the annual business cycle activities such as the commercial plan, strategic plan, and logistics strategy; systems include SAP, APEX, Salesforce, TAC, Qlikview reporting monitors, and others.   Leverage data from internal and external sources to uncover trends and articulate business drivers, and leverage statistical techniques to improve forward-looking decisions.  Assist commercial team in customer portfolio analysis and optimization including statistical analysis on pricing and elasticity. Assist logistics team with hauler management and route analysis and optimization, zone mapping reviews, as well as TMS implementation and associated data validation, reporting, and geofence management.  Develop executive level presentations outlining progress, strategies, recommendations, and ad hoc requests as needed.   Complete market research for and champion key sustainability initiatives such as recycled aggregates and emissions reductions.   Performance optimization and analysis: Collect data from various systems, analyze, and report on business results, trends, drivers and risks / opportunities. Leverage data to improve forecasting and support business decisions.  Complete periodic reviews with Territory and Commercial Managers.  Mechanize manual reporting processes and support implementation of various digital solutions and information systems; this may include research, trials, analysis of outcomes, building business cases, and supporting the implementation activities. Support the monthly inventory review to balance production and sales (SPI) and make recommendations to optimize inventory and achieve market targets. Complete carrier performance reviews (safety compliance, margins, etc) Initiate remote dispatch program/trials, train and troubleshoot with weighmasters, and provide analytics. Dimensions This position reports to the Market General Manager with a dotted line to the ECAN Commercial and Logistics Performance Manager.        Education, Skills & Experience  An undergraduate degree in business, engineering, or construction management, logistics or supply chain management Understanding of digital tools and processes   Expert MS Office skills Competencies  Strong focus on data management and analytics Effective decision making with data backed analysis Results oriented - disciplined and process oriented Excellent people skills - able to develop effective working relationships internally and externally Strong work ethic, willingness to work on a variety of projects and ability to multi-task Ability to work efficiently in a fast paced, dynamic environment and under pressure Strong problem solving skills Effective computer and systems skills"
70,71,2023-04-05,Michael Page,Estimator,Mid-Senior level,"Woodstock, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/estimator-at-michael-page-3557330459?refId=DLtDQ7snS58HnMJ326HYsw%3D%3D&trackingId=3KwKqxxSR1dSbfd04viCCQ%3D%3D&position=21&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"RRSP Matching|Annual wage increase   About Our Client  Our client is a leading construction company located in Woodstock, Ontario and is seeking an experienced Construction Estimator to join their team. The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience working in an ICI (industrial, commercial, and institutional) environment.  Job Description  Prepare cost estimates and project proposals for various construction projects. Review and analyze construction drawings, specifications, and other documentation to prepare accurate cost estimates. Work closely with project managers and construction teams to ensure accurate estimates and proposals are provided to clients. Attend project site visits and meetings to gather information necessary for accurate estimates. Research and analyze cost data and construction methods to improve estimating accuracy. Prepare and maintain project files and documentation.  MPI does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, marital status, or based on an individual's status in any group or class otherwise protected under applicable human rights legislation. MPI encourages applications from minorities, women, the disabled and all other qualified applicants  The Successful Applicant  3-5 years of experience in construction estimating in an ICI environment. Strong understanding of construction methods, materials, and costs. Experience working with construction drawings, specifications, and other project documentation. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Ability to work independently and as part of a team. Proficiency in MS Office and other construction estimating software. What's on Offer  We offer a competitive salary, annual wage reviews, discretionary bonuses, and a company RRSP matching program. We also provide opportunities for career growth and advancement, including a clear pathway to Director. If you are a motivated and skilled Construction Estimator looking for an exciting opportunity to grow your career, we encourage you to apply.  Contact: Alicia Dow  Quote job ref: JN-042023-6005609"
71,72,2023-04-22,Xplore Inc.,Field Operations Technician,Entry level,"Brant, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/field-operations-technician-at-xplore-inc-3576841819?refId=DLtDQ7snS58HnMJ326HYsw%3D%3D&trackingId=2DFxJYbswW9Wyq%2Fyy%2FSKEg%3D%3D&position=22&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"We are seeking to hire a full-time, permanent Field Operations Technician based in Brant, ON and surrounding areas. Reporting into the Field Operations Manager, you will be responsible for the hands-on day-to-day integration, repair and maintenance of the Xplore network. You are a self-starter who works well both independently and as part of a greater team, with excellent organizational and communication skills. This position acts as a prime in-field technical contact for support groups in the areas of network construction, repair, maintenance and support.  This role requires basic knowledge of IP Networking, working knowledge of both fixed wireless and Fibre optic network deployments, as well as a basic knowledge of telecom construction and tower rigging. This position will involve both on call support and off-hours maintenance work. Some overnight travel is a requirement and you must be willing to adapt to flexible work schedule.  Key Responsibilities Include  Strong problem solving, organizational, verbal, listening and written communication skills. Ability to work both independently and as part of a team, and interact with groups throughout the organization. Capable of working on a variety of projects and coordinating multiple priorities. Aptitude in IP networking which includes IP addressing and basic routing. Knowledge in telecom construction including: Fibre Optic and copper cabling, punching, proper cable pulling techniques, racking, ground systems, static precautions, non-ionizing transmission safety, Occupational Health and safety as it relates to construction. Strong understanding around AC and DC power systems and conversions including: voltage and wiring of single and poly-phase alternating current cables, direct current, and negative grounded direct current Experience with identifying all major types of RF, Fiber and power connectors. Experience with the construction and maintenance of communication tower sites Strong troubleshooting skills Strong organizational and time/task management skills  The Ideal Candidate Will Possess  1-year related work experience or a degree/diploma from a related discipline. Valid Driver’s License Excellent verbal, listening and written communication skills Experience with fixed wireless and Fibre optic network deployments. Experience handling, configuring and installing Network Equipment (ex. Ericsson, Ceragon, Alpha DC Power Systems, Ciena, Cisco) Certified Fibre Optic Technician (CFOT) or equivalent experience would be an asset Experience with Fibre Optic troubleshooting tools & test sets (OTDR, Power Meters) Strong troubleshooting skills. The ability to break problems down using an Analytical approach. Exposure to industry standards for Health & Safety, Construction & CSA Working knowledge of networking technologies including TCP/IP, routers, switches, DHCP Basic understanding of fixed wireless/ Fibre Optic network architecture and infrastructure. A credit card capable of carrying work related expenses The ability to work outside in all types of weather conditions and to lift, carry, bend, reach and climb ladders. Estimated carrying weight of 125 lbs Ability to work away from home. Long days & weekends as required  Xplore offers a competitive compensation package with excellent company benefits, including matched participation in a group RRSP and a comprehensive health and dental plan.  As a condition of employment and in order to comply with industry related data security standards, this position is subject to the successful completion of a Criminal Background Check. Details will be supplied to applicants as they move through the selection process.  Xplore is committed to creating an accessible environment and will accommodate disabilities during the selection process. Please let your recruiter know during the selection process of any accommodation needs.  Company Overview  Xplore Inc. is Canada’s Fibre and 5G broadband company for rural living. Founded in Woodstock, New Brunswick, Xplore has become one of the country’s largest facilities-based telecommunications providers for residential and business customers. Xplore is committed to the relentless pursuit of an improved broadband experience for Canadians. Xplore is building a world-class fibre optic and 5G wireless network to enable innovative broadband services for better every day rural living, for today and future generations."
72,73,2023-03-29,Zafin,Social Media and Content Manager,Mid-Senior level,"Delhi, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/social-media-and-content-manager-at-zafin-3581589746?refId=DLtDQ7snS58HnMJ326HYsw%3D%3D&trackingId=d19nAeNi8ycSPArWfTR9Yg%3D%3D&position=23&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Zafin is the award-winning global leader in cloud-based product and pricing solutions. We enable clients to advance core banking modernization and their digital transformation roadmap. Zafin works with more than 450 financial institutions globally whose assets range in size from $200 million to $3 trillion in total assets.  Zafin is backed by significant financial partners committed to accelerating the company’s growth and fueling our continued innovation. Our recent acquisition of FINCAD solidifies our position as a high-growth SaaS provider. Together, we are disrupting financial services by offering pricing and advanced analytics solutions to institutions across all banking segments: retail, corporate, commercial, and capital markets.  Our clients benefit from our 60 ecosystem partners and over 500 talented employees spread across 13 global offices. Zafin is proud to be recognized as a top employer and certified Great Place to Work® in Canada, UK and India.  Location: Our focus is in Delhi, but may also consider our Chennai office  What is the opportunity?  Reporting to the Director, Digital Strategy, the Social Media and Content Manager will oversee all Zafin’s social platforms (LinkedIN, Twitter, Meta, YouTube, etc..). In this hands-on role, you will drive high levels of web traffic, brand awareness and customer engagement. As a social expert you will partner with demand, creative, brand, ecosystem and product marketing team members to design social strategies, produce compelling content, analyze usage data and contribute to marketing campaigns. You are a highly motivated, creative individual who is committed to all things social and will amplify Zafin across all platforms in a consistent and impactful way.  What will you do?  Develop and execute the organic social media strategy, ensuring that it contributes to the achievement of business goals and aligns to departmental key performance indicators. Create a robust content plan and calendar that incorporates input from key stakeholders to produce a unified and coherent social presence across platforms. Lead the social content development process, liaising with communications, digital and creative teams as needed to bring content to life that is on-time, on brand, and platform relevant. Conduct competitive and platform analysis to stay on top of the dynamic social media ecosystem. Leverage benchmarks and best practices, and test new ideas to continuously move our enterprise strategy forward. Collaborate with digital marketing to optimize and manage paid media spend to drive engagement, build mindshare and deliver strong campaign results. Act as an administrator of the organic social budget (incl. boosting content, influencer marketing, and other social led activations) Conduct analysis and report on campaign effectiveness, social platform performance, brand awareness, monitor SEO, web traffic and customer engagement. Generate, edit, and publish content on multiple social channels, aligned with brand voice, tone and message is consistent to optimize copy Contribute to SEO long format content (blogs, sale email, landing pages, etc) to support search efforts and content strategy Stay abreast of new trends, best practices, social partners, tools, and technology.  What do I need to succeed?  5+ years’ experience in organic and paid campaigns across social media platforms (LinkedIN, Meta, Twitter, You Tube, etc..) Must have 4+ years related experience in developing SaaS technology brand either in-house or at an agency. Possess a proven track record of owning all aspects of social media marketing and running successful campaigns. University Degree. Social Media and Google Adwords certification is preferred. Excellent content and copywriting skills; strong written and verbal English communication. A natural storyteller, able to mix words and images to make compelling content Proven ability to build and grow large social media communities. Experience with live-streaming tools, video content creation and social listening Self-starter with the ability to work independently and produce results under pressure Strong understanding of audience segmentation, targeting and optimization. Extreme attention to detail with relentlessly high standards. Extreme attention to detail with relentlessly high standards. Ability to work under tight timelines and juggle multiple projects at any given time Flexibility: This role demands social listening and responding to our community in a reasonable and timely manner. While we don’t expect you to be always on, this is not a 9-5 role. Periodic weekend event coverage may be necessary.  What's in it for you?  If you work with us, we expect you’ll show the spirit, drive, and intellect that make you great. We offer a challenging, team-oriented work environment, competitive remuneration and benefits, and excellent opportunities for professional and personal growth. If you believe you are up for the challenge, please apply.  Zafin welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process.  Zafin is committed to protecting both the privacy and security of the personal information collected from all applicants throughout the recruitment process. The methods in which Zafin collects, uses, stores, handles, retains , or discloses applicant information can be accessed by reviewing Zafin’s privacy policy at https://zafin.com/privacy/."
73,74,2023-04-13,Toyota Motor Manufacturing Canada,"Engineering Analyst, West Weld",Associate,"Woodstock, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/engineering-analyst-west-weld-at-toyota-motor-manufacturing-canada-3562291613?refId=DLtDQ7snS58HnMJ326HYsw%3D%3D&trackingId=5e%2BlhRJIljYWPhRP88FZWw%3D%3D&position=24&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"TOYOTA MOTOR MANUFACTURING CANADA INC. Toyota Motor Manufacturing Canada (TMMC) is a world-class automotive facility with manufacturing plants located in Cambridge and Woodstock, Ontario. We are one of the largest Toyota Motor Manufacturing facilities in North America and we produce the gas and hybrid models of the Toyota RAV4, the Lexus RX, and the Lexus NX. Recognized year after year on the global stage for manufacturing quality by our customers, we are also recognized as one of Canada’s Top 100 Employers. The world-famous Toyota Production System, a philosophy of continuous improvement and ongoing training, enables each Team Member to work towards their highest potential. The results of our company stem from hiring committed, self-motivated team members, with the ability to work together to achieve team goals. Total Rewards We see the value in learning from each other. That’s why we inspire collaboration and team building at every turn. Working with a variety of experts, you’ll form strong relationships, gain mentorship and expand your knowledge. And with both formal and on-the-job training, you’ll get the support to reach your goals – and keep setting new ones. Around here, every day is new, exciting and packed with opportunities. Competitive compensation package includes overtime pay, annual bonus, flexible benefits program and defined contribution pension plan. 19 Paid Days off during the year in which their first anniversary falls, plus 5 Company Designated Holidays that generally fall between Christmas and New Year Voluntary Registered Retirement Savings Plan (RRSP) or a Tax-Free Savings Account (TFSA), conveniently funded by Team Member payroll contributions. Family is important - maternity and parental leave program has Employment Insurance (EI) top-up. Career support through reimbursement for professional development tuition fees Vitality Wellness App that encourages and rewards you for living a healthier lifestyle. Company Diversity and Inclusion business partnering groups. Employee & Family Vehicle Discounts Develop friendly and long-lasting relationships through social events and an on-site fitness facility. Role Overview As the Engineering Analyst - West Weld, you will be very hands on in problem solving and project work. You will be responsible for project implementation, Key Performance Indicator (KPI) achievement and resolving shop problems through root cause analysis and Toyota Business Practice (TBP) problem solving. Your clear communication skills and cross functional team approach will allow you to work effectively with TMMC team members in continuous improvement. This role provides technical leadership and collaborates with Production, Maintenance, and Quality to ensure performance targets are achieved. Your critical thinking, hands-on approach, strong team first mindset, focus on improvement and ability to work effectively with cross functional groups will be vital your success in this role. What you’ll be doing  Strengthen KPI achievement through data driven analysis with emphasis on safety adherence, quality improvements, cost reduction, throughput increase and efficient manufacturing processes. Support capital investment projects and manage all aspects of execution (budget, developing scope and equipment/process specifications, bid, procurement, installation, integration, commissioning, and buyoff) Contribute to Standardized Work & Kaizen study, kaizen circles, process reduction studies using TPS tools for process study. Evaluate and confirm Feasibility Study Requests (FSR), ECI (Engineering Change Instructions) and ECR (Engineering Change Requests) Implementation of process/equipment standards, sustainable quality improvements, and systems (ex. Poka-yoke, Weld Quality Assurance) Quality outflow investigation for weld, sealer, surface, & fit quality investigation, analysis, and recurrence prevention Determine process/equipment necessary conditions to establish capable process. Support cost competitiveness for daily operations (repairs & maintenance, raw and indirect materials, labour, etc.) Drive continuous improvement of manufacturing activities through detailed analytical reviews, equipment refurbishment, equipment obsolesces, process automation, fixture/tooling design, data driven analysis, mid to long-term planning, and implementation. Support Cross functional teams to identify root cause and countermeasure Quality & Productivity issues. Provide expertise and solutions for process capability improvements. Support investigations and resolution of safety & ergonomic concerns in a timely manner Support shop change points (ex. Takt Change / Minor Model Year refresh) Weekend Work / Shutdown coordination / Co-op student management Maintain management systems to ensure standardization and compliance; ensure equipment and systems comply with relevant standards and legislation. Provide, maintain, and audit technical and safety standards for designated area within weld shop (Canadian Standards Association (CSA), Occupational Health & Safety Act (OHSA), Pre-Start Health & Safety Review (PSHSR), Electrical Safety Authority (ESA), etc.); collect and archive legal documentation to ensure equipment safety and compliance. Coordinate projects with TMNA affiliates and work with other TMNA affiliates for support on projects/problem solving. Desired Skills and Experiences Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, other technical degree, or comparable education with additional experience is required. Minimum of 1– 3 years of practical engineering experience within a high-volume manufacturing environment (Welding, Robotic Welding, Mechanical, Electrical, Controls, Mechatronics and Process Engineering is preferred) Multi-disciplinary experience in process or equipment engineering Engineering experience in a weld shop environment is preferred. Experience leading equipment installation, refurbishment and troubleshooting issues. Demonstrated ability to perform root cause analysis for quality issues and experience supporting quality system improvement activities. Strong understanding of equipment design, safeguarding and functionality Demonstrated critical thinking, effective decision making, and strong problem-solving skills. Demonstrated ability to break through barriers/obstacles and work independently. Demonstrated capability to lead without authority (ex. Takt/Minor/Model/Process changes – TMC, TEMA or another department coordination) Experience and demonstrated capability to work effectively with others for problem solving, driving project progression, and implementing change. Demonstrated leadership capability to gain consensus and drive project progress. Demonstrated effective network development for project coordination. Strong project management skills for leading capital investment projects Demonstrated ability to manage multiple and significantly complex projects or assignments with high level of autonomy and accountability for results. Excellent verbal and written communication skills Ability to adapt to and prioritize multiple challenges and quick changes in priorities. Willing to support daily and weekend overtime requirements as needed. Possible travel to USA and Japan (1-2 times/year) Must be flexible to work in Cambridge and/or Woodstock plant locations. If you have any questions, please reach out to TMMC_Recruitment@Toyota.com. To promote a comfortable, safe and productive work environment, as well as to comply with all federal, provincial and/or local laws, TMMC is a smoke-free property. TMMC is an equal opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse team. We believe in enabling people of different ages, sexes, sexual orientations, gender identities, gender expressions, colours, races, ancestries, citizenships, ethnic origins, places of origin, and creeds to work together and realize their full potential. TMMC is committed to compliance with all applicable legislation including providing accommodation for applicants with disabilities. Please advise us at any point during the recruitment and selection process if you require accommodation."
74,75,2023-04-01,The Ian Martin Group,Office Coordinator 2,Mid-Senior level,"Woodstock, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/office-coordinator-2-at-the-ian-martin-group-3583268299?refId=DLtDQ7snS58HnMJ326HYsw%3D%3D&trackingId=GlhfWeztnxLnvLR2Rpo2xg%3D%3D&position=25&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Job Description  Ensure Alignment to Selected Title Print and distribute pick tags and reports to appropriate area for processing, data entry support Front line technical support Researching and scanning placing tags Sending emails Filing Rotating Shifts – Must be available for both Office within a warehouse, PPE required - safety shoes, safety vests, safety glasses  Story Behind the Need – Business Group & Key Projects  Business group - Looking to grow / expand the team with the growing workload Surrounding team & key projects - Purpose of this position is to manage high volume orders for customers, accurately organize orders by location, and provide them to Operations Team to ensure timing is maintained and hit deadlines Purpose of this team Motivators for this need (i.e.-special projects/general workload support/etc.)  Typical Day in the Role  Typical task breakdown and rhythm Interaction level with team Work environment description Chance for flex hours or remote Chance for extension later Confirm if group participates in GM Contract Worker Shutdown days Responsible for printing out customer orders, organize appropriately by district, ensure they are provided to operations team in a timely manner to satisfy customer Working in a Team Environment, in a single office with one Supervisor and 4 teammates Chance for extension / going direct is a possibility  Compelling Story & Candidate Value Proposition  What makes this role interesting? Competitive market comparison Unique selling points Value added or experience gained  Candidate Requirements  Degrees or certifications required Years of experience required Technologies/depth of technologies required Any preferred schools/companies"
75,,2023-03-31,Xeno Private Limited,Xeno - Manager - Customer Onboarding,Mid-Senior level,"Delhi, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/xeno-manager-customer-onboarding-at-xeno-private-limited-3582008186?refId=f56xY%2FxbqlJe2m3GXMqBOg%3D%3D&trackingId=n2p629irspS6qH3B6dHpRg%3D%3D&position=1&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Customer Onboarding Manager  Location - Delhi/Bangalore  Xeno is an AI-driven CRM company for large D2C brands and retailers. We have some of the biggest brands in our portfolio like Tommy Hilfiger, CK, jack & jones, levis, taco bell, barbeque nation etc. Xeno enables large D2C brands & omnichannel retailers to engage their customers across eCommerce & stores. With the digital retail wave alongside us, we've seen a 7x growth in the number of brands using Xeno over the last year.  We think of this role as an entrepreneur as much as being an Onboarding Specialist. But instead of building a company from scratch, you get to come in after we've gone through the pains of getting to $1M ARR while figuring out early market-product fit. You get to directly take on the challenge of scaling a business from $1M to $10M revenue in 2.5 years & beyond. With this kind of growth plan, the key element will be to get clients onboarded and live in better and quicker ways.  This role is for you if?  You want to keep growing as one of the key contributors to Customer Success & as a person at a super-fast pace. Because at Xeno we don't just push each other to become better at work, we push to become better people. You enjoy driving results. Driving more value for customers gives you higher satisfaction than just completing some tasks. You're an innate problem solver who loves to be challenged. You're not satisfied with being good enough. You do whatever it takes to win. You love to read & have strong viewpoints about business, marketing & technology. Finally, you're as passionate about growing a company as you are about making other brands successful  What You'll Own  You will own the entire customer onboarding lifecycle at Xeno. You will have the ownership & freedom to drive the onboarding roadmap to scale Xeno from $1M to $10M ARR & beyond. You'll of course make your own plan, but here are some things we expect you to be involved in. Keep learning (especially about customers): Continuously learn more about our customers & the retail/ eCom industry. Own onboarding lifecycle: Own customer relationship from completed sale to go live stage while managing customer expectations and resolving challenges. You will be responsible for Ensuring flow of the historical customer data into the Xeno ecosystem and coordinating the integration process. The Xeno technology team works on the project but you will lead it Validating and ensuring accuracy in the data flowing to Xeno from the customer. The Xeno data analytics team works on the project but you will lead it Setting up the Xeno CRM account and dashboard for the customer and ensuring all functionalities are working - smoothly. The Xeno consultant team works on the project but you will lead it Coordinating demo of the system and Go Live of the campaigns by ensuring the customer gets the most insightful analysis and campaign strategy from the Xeno consultant Coordinating requirements with different stakeholders in the customer's team Build the right process: Be responsible for ensuring we're building the right systems and processes at a more minute level aligning the technology, consultant & data teams in the onboarding lifecycle.  Persona  4yrs of work experience in a customer success / Onboarding role handling mid-market or enterprise customers. Possess project management skills along with stakeholder alignment Has exposure to customers success ecosystem and has worked in a SaaS environment (S)he is a self starter and self motivated with an ability to learn quickly and adapt to changing situations Has dealt with marketing ecosystem or has basic exposure to use cases, data points in the retention marketing space Preferably working with a Martech company in the customer success ecosystem  (ref:iimjobs.com)"
76,77,2023-04-05,Staples Canada,Customer Service Rep - Daytime Only,Mid-Senior level,"Simcoe, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/customer-service-rep-daytime-only-at-staples-canada-3556114571?refId=f56xY%2FxbqlJe2m3GXMqBOg%3D%3D&trackingId=ht5C0f7iMW8CV0SDuHB5pg%3D%3D&position=2&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Position Summary  Highly focused on sales generation of merchandise/services within the Service Centre and Copy Centre while demonstrating a high degree of customer awareness and ensuring exceptional customer satisfaction with an accurate, expedient return/exchange/purchase process. Responsible for knowing and understanding the operations of the Copy Centre. Demonstrates a high degree of customer awareness while accurately and expediently processing customers at the checkout. Responsible for processing all general purchases with a focus on generating add-on sales.  Primary Responsibilities Ensures exceptional customer satisfaction with accuracy and professionalism while processing purchases and customer orders. Takes opportunities for add-on sales to customer. Assists in the resolution of customer complaints, returns and exchanges. Responds to and directs where necessary, customer inquiries related to copy and technology services. Answers telephones and qualifies and directs customers as required. Responsible to take and make copy orders accurately. Follows all correct cash register operations, as well as maintaining SKU integrity when entering services into the register. Maintains loss prevention and privacy standards by completing appropriate paperwork when presented with refunds or exchanges for data products. Accepts proper forms of prescribed tender. Properly secures company funds and physical inventory at all cash stations. Ensures accuracy of customer orders by spot checking throughout processing. Completes and balances all daily cash register paperwork and obtains verification. Follows proper customer order procedures including special and pre-paid orders, ensuring order forms are completed and priced correctly. Stocks and maintains front-end racks/shelves and merchandise areas as assigned. Monitors stock levels of front end paper, supplies, register rolls, shopping bags, etc. Accountable for signing in/out and logging in/out of own till when required. Has a complete understanding of all company policies and procedures relevant to this position, as outlined in the training checklist. Maintains general cleanliness of all workstations, lunchroom and washrooms as assigned, according to company standards. Identifies and communicates suggestions for improvements in all areas of business. Checks all sources of communication for information (white boards, bulletin boards, portal, etc). Associate is expected to maintain a safe working environment and follow all company protocols for safety and is required to report any unsafe working conditions to a manager. As per policy, required to have personal parcels (bags, totes, backpacks, purses, etc.) checked by a manager prior to leaving the store premises. Job  Retail Locations  Location(s)  CA-ON-Simcoe  Schedule  Part-time  Staples Canada is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity and inclusion and we encourage applications from all qualified candidates, including those with disabilities.  Basic Ability to resolve customer concerns in a diplomatic manner. Ability to engage customers in a friendly and professional manner. Capacity to communicate with customers effectively using a variety of mediums. Ability to plan, organize and prioritize efficiently while working in both the Service Desk and Copy Centre areas to effectively serve our customers. Ability to work effectively with ongoing distractions is necessary. Can engage appropriately and work as part of a team. Capacity to work independently and seek out assistance as required. Preferred  Experience: Three months to one year of previously related experience is preferred. Education Working towards or successful completion of high school is preferred. Additional Information Conditions of the work environment are such that minor stress or physical discomfort may occur. You are required to stand in a stationary position for periods of time generally not exceeding two consecutive hours. This would occur while working a cash register. You will be exposed to moderately disagreeable levels of noise generated by the copy equipment. Staples is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity and inclusion and we encourage applications from all qualified candidates, including those with disabilities. We will accommodate applicants’ needs, upon request, throughout all stages of the recruitment process. Please inform us of the accommodation(s) that you may require. Information received relating to accommodation will be addressed confidentially."
77,78,2023-04-24,Robert Half,Bilingual Accounting Clerk,Entry level,"Paris, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/bilingual-accounting-clerk-at-robert-half-3584524267?refId=f56xY%2FxbqlJe2m3GXMqBOg%3D%3D&trackingId=a4Ao9xIPZmWf01UcRUbjXA%3D%3D&position=3&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Description  Are you looking to grow your career with a thriving company as a Bilingual Accounting Clerk? This position available through Robert Half might be for you. This Bilingual Accounting Clerk position at a reputable business is for someone who can handle matching invoices to purchase orders and/or vouchers, data entry, and assisting in the process of Accounts Payable (A/P) and Accounts Receivable (A/R). This permanent role is for a Bilingual Accounting Clerk in the Paris, Ontario, area. You'll get terrific benefits, a wonderful work space/office, and a dynamic team culture working with this company.  What you get to do every day Responsible for all A/P and A/R for Quebec clients and vendors File vendor invoices and disbursements and match & file A/P invoices to support accounts payable Help with G/L account reconciliation and month-end closing, and other general accounting projects Carry out additional related duties and help with special projects on an as-needed basis Assist Accounts Receivable with processing daily invoices/credit, applying cash receipts, and collecting past due balances Reconcile discrepancies by checking all possible sources of disagreement, reconstructing probable actions, and recognizing the effect on other accounts; prepare correction documents as required Classify documents with the proper expenditure codes and accounting codes Use a variety of sources to prepare statements and reports Post financial information to journals and ledgers Requirements Must be bilingual in French, both written and verbal Data entry, document management, file creation and previous records experience required AA or BS/BA in Accounting or related field preferred Prior experience in Spreadsheet and ERP system Ability to multitask and communicate well with individuals of all backgrounds Enter Vendor Invoices experience Accounts Payable (AP) experience Overdue Payments experience Expertise in Accounts Payable (AP) Proven knowledge of Process Payments Proficiency in Accounts Receivable (AR) 3+ years of accounting experience required Robert Half is the world’s first and largest specialized talent solutions firm that connects highly qualified job seekers to opportunities at great companies. We offer contract, temporary and permanent placement solutions for finance and accounting, technology, marketing and creative, legal, and administrative and customer support roles.  Robert Half puts you in the best position to succeed by advocating on your behalf and promoting you to employers. We provide access to top jobs, competitive compensation and benefits, and free online training. Stay on top of every opportunity – even on the go.  Questions? Call your local office at 1.888.490.5461. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada.  © 2023 Robert Half. By clicking “Apply Now,” you’re agreeing to"
78,79,2023-04-27,Robert Half,Cost Accountant,Entry level,"Paris, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/cost-accountant-at-robert-half-3587261102?refId=f56xY%2FxbqlJe2m3GXMqBOg%3D%3D&trackingId=c496tdt1Nph405Td1wRVfw%3D%3D&position=4&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Description  Robert Half is looking for a talented Cost Accountant for a long-term contract / temporary opportunity. As a Cost Accountant, you will be responsible for analyzing and recording all costs associated with the company's operations, including direct and indirect costs.. This Cost Accountant opening is located in the Paris, Ontario area. The ideal candidate will be someone seeking to succeed in a challenging environment and who has demonstrated success doing so before. Apply today!  Responsibilities Analyze production costs and prepare reports on the cost of goods sold Develop and implement cost accounting systems and procedures Analyze financial data to determine the most efficient use of resources Assist in the preparation of budgets and forecasts Conduct variance analysis to identify areas where actual costs differ from budgeted costs Prepare and present cost reports to management Ensure that all accounting records and reports are accurate Participate in the development of pricing strategies for products and services Coordinate with other departments to ensure accurate and timely cost data Continuously review and improve cost accounting processes and procedures to increase efficiency and accuracy. Requirements  Requirements: Bachelor's degree in accounting or a related field Minimum of 5 years of experience as a cost accountant Strong analytical skills and attention to detail Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Solid understanding of accounting principles and cost accounting methods Ability to work independently and as part of a team Robert Half is the world’s first and largest specialized talent solutions firm that connects highly qualified job seekers to opportunities at great companies. We offer contract, temporary and permanent placement solutions for finance and accounting, technology, marketing and creative, legal, and administrative and customer support roles.  Robert Half puts you in the best position to succeed by advocating on your behalf and promoting you to employers. We provide access to top jobs, competitive compensation and benefits, and free online training. Stay on top of every opportunity – even on the go.  Questions? Call your local office at 1.888.490.3195. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada.  © 2023 Robert Half. By clicking “Apply Now,” you’re agreeing to"
79,80,2023-04-22,Xplore Inc.,Field Operations Technician,Entry level,"Woodstock, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/field-operations-technician-at-xplore-inc-3576844465?refId=f56xY%2FxbqlJe2m3GXMqBOg%3D%3D&trackingId=utBlJLpnWDqtMtIRqcxZvg%3D%3D&position=5&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"We are seeking to hire a full-time, permanent Field Operations Technician based in Woodstock, ON and surrounding areas. Reporting into the Field Operations Manager, you will be responsible for the hands-on day-to-day integration, repair and maintenance of the Xplore network. You are a self-starter who works well both independently and as part of a greater team, with excellent organizational and communication skills. This position acts as a prime in-field technical contact for support groups in the areas of network construction, repair, maintenance and support.  This role requires basic knowledge of IP Networking, working knowledge of both fixed wireless and Fibre optic network deployments, as well as a basic knowledge of telecom construction and tower rigging. This position will involve both on call support and off-hours maintenance work. Some overnight travel is a requirement and you must be willing to adapt to flexible work schedule.  Key Responsibilities Include  Strong problem solving, organizational, verbal, listening and written communication skills. Ability to work both independently and as part of a team, and interact with groups throughout the organization. Capable of working on a variety of projects and coordinating multiple priorities. Aptitude in IP networking which includes IP addressing and basic routing. Knowledge in telecom construction including: Fibre Optic and copper cabling, punching, proper cable pulling techniques, racking, ground systems, static precautions, non-ionizing transmission safety, Occupational Health and safety as it relates to construction. Strong understanding around AC and DC power systems and conversions including: voltage and wiring of single and poly-phase alternating current cables, direct current, and negative grounded direct current Experience with identifying all major types of RF, Fiber and power connectors. Experience with the construction and maintenance of communication tower sites Strong troubleshooting skills Strong organizational and time/task management skills  The Ideal Candidate Will Possess  1-year related work experience or a degree/diploma from a related discipline. Valid Driver’s License Excellent verbal, listening and written communication skills Experience with fixed wireless and Fibre optic network deployments. Experience handling, configuring and installing Network Equipment (ex. Ericsson, Ceragon, Alpha DC Power Systems, Ciena, Cisco) Certified Fibre Optic Technician (CFOT) or equivalent experience would be an asset Experience with Fibre Optic troubleshooting tools & test sets (OTDR, Power Meters) Strong troubleshooting skills. The ability to break problems down using an Analytical approach. Exposure to industry standards for Health & Safety, Construction & CSA Working knowledge of networking technologies including TCP/IP, routers, switches, DHCP Basic understanding of fixed wireless/ Fibre Optic network architecture and infrastructure. A credit card capable of carrying work related expenses The ability to work outside in all types of weather conditions and to lift, carry, bend, reach and climb ladders. Estimated carrying weight of 125 lbs. Ability to work away from home. Long days & weekends as required  Xplore offers a competitive compensation package with excellent company benefits, including matched participation in a group RRSP and a comprehensive health and dental plan.  As a condition of employment and in order to comply with industry related data security standards, this position is subject to the successful completion of a Criminal Background Check. Details will be supplied to applicants as they move through the selection process.  Xplore is committed to creating an accessible environment and will accommodate disabilities during the selection process. Please let your recruiter know during the selection process of any accommodation needs.  Company Overview  Xplore Inc. is Canada’s Fibre and 5G broadband company for rural living. Founded in Woodstock, New Brunswick, Xplore has become one of the country’s largest facilities-based telecommunications providers for residential and business customers. Xplore is committed to the relentless pursuit of an improved broadband experience for Canadians. Xplore is building a world-class fibre optic and 5G wireless network to enable innovative broadband services for better every day rural living, for today and future generations."
80,81,2023-04-14,Responsible Gambling Council (RGC),Education & Prevention Coordinator,Associate,"Brantford, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/education-prevention-coordinator-at-responsible-gambling-council-rgc-3570435159?refId=f56xY%2FxbqlJe2m3GXMqBOg%3D%3D&trackingId=UifSFGmjF1d8BvOXO8OSeg%3D%3D&position=6&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Education and Prevention Coordinator PlaySmart Centre, Brantford/Flamborough area  We are seeking individuals with experience in Community Outreach and/or Social Services to join our team on a part-time basis. Use your empathy and ability to connect with people to build awareness of an incredible program!  The Responsible Gambling Council (RGC) is a leading international authority on responsible gambling—providing insights to industry stakeholders through its research and problem gambling prevention programs, as well as accrediting responsible gambling initiatives offered by gaming companies operating within regulated markets across the globe. RGC operates independently from the gaming industry, allowing it to offer unbiased insights and services related to responsible gambling.  RGC manages and operates OLG’s PlaySmart Centres located at casinos and Charitable Bingo and Gaming centres across Ontario. In the Centres, players can take a break from gambling and learn more about how the games work through interactive game kiosks, videos and literature. Players and those affected by gambling can chat with professionally trained PlaySmart Centre staff, learn answers to gambling questions and get connected with counselling and support professionals if they are experiencing problems with gambling.  For more information, please visit: https://www.playsmart.ca/  In this role you will… Increase awareness of the PlaySmart Centre Program Engage with players and those close to them, answer their questions and direct them to the available services Educate patrons on gambling to support them to make informed choices Plan and deliver education through activities and initiatives to support positive play habits Build and maintain effective relationships with Casino staff Record and manage relevant data Travel across several PlaySmart Centre venues within Innisfil, Orillia, and Wasaga.  What’s in it for you? Flexible work hours – days, evenings, weekends and holidays Competitive hourly rate - $26.26/hour Strong support from a motivated team A genuine feeling of helping others  We are looking for… Experience and/or education in social work, social services, adult education, health promotions or a related field Amazing communication and relationship building skills High level of empathy and understanding in sensitive situations Ability to travel to different sites often Alignment with RGC’s Core Values: Humanity, Integrity, Courage and Ingenuity Experience in the Gaming Industry would set you apart Applicants fluent in a 2nd language is a valuable asset Valid G Class Driver’s License required  RGC has COVID-19 protocols in place to ensure the health and safety of our staff. The PlaySmart Centre program has updated its Health & Safety guidelines for COVID-19 and received approval from an external medical health expert. All venues where PlaySmart Centres are located have site specific Health & Safety guidelines for COVID-19 that we are required to follow as directed. All RGC employees working at the PlaySmart Centre are required to provide proof of full vaccination or provide reasonable evidence that they cannot be vaccinated for reasons related to protected grounds under the Human Rights Code.  RGC celebrates and values cultural diversity and is committed to attracting and retaining a diverse staff. We will honor your experiences, perspectives, and unique identity. Together, our organization strives to create and maintain working environments that are inclusive, equitable and welcoming.  The Responsible Gambling Council is committed to providing an accessible recruitment process and workplace. Please let us know if you require accommodation under the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA).  If you are interested in learning more about this role, please apply directly and someone will reach out should you be selected for an interview.  Applications must be received by April 24th, 2023."
81,82,2023-04-13,Cowan Insurance Group,Senior Agent (Hybrid),Entry level,"Brantford, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/senior-agent-hybrid-at-cowan-insurance-group-3568851868?refId=f56xY%2FxbqlJe2m3GXMqBOg%3D%3D&trackingId=hvKGul5yWsCAnEnjQnr3OQ%3D%3D&position=7&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"You enjoy guiding team members with accuracy and attention to detail.  You are organized and love supporting your team with assistance and guidance.  You enjoy supporting strategic directions of the department.  You love the idea of working in a dynamic and fast-paced environment.  If you are nodding yes, this Senior Agent role in our Third-Party Administration department at Cowan Insurance Group may be perfect for you!  What’s the Ask?  Reporting to the Supervisor of the Administration Department, the Senior Agent provides administrative support to the department with respect to work distribution, escalations, complex inquiries, life and A&D claims, staff training and technical assistance.  Key Responsibilities  Review data for completeness and accuracy Identify and correct data entry errors Perform duties relating to SLA compilation Distribution of work and management of shared mailboxes Address any issues, questions and problems in an accurate and timely manner Respond to client inquiries as required Test and evaluate system changes Interact with a variety of stakeholders and other team members to complete day-to-day tasks Perform data searches, verify and edit data as required Perform tasks in accordance with service level agreements, client demands and regulatory requirements Assist with Agent and/or data entry work Assist with new client implementations Participate in various special projects including continuous improvement initiatives Train the staff on using the tools developed by the department and maintain procedure guides Coordinate and provide employee training and feedback Process various administrative inquiries and ad-hoc tasks Keep the Supervisor informed of department concerns and/or obstacles  What does it take?  Post-secondary diploma in a related field, such as business administration or equivalent training acquired from a combination of relevant work experience and education 2-3 years of work experience in a field related to employee benefits or equivalent training Strong attention to detail, organizational, time management and prioritization skills Ability to multitask effectively Comfortable working independently with minimal supervision Proficiency in MS Office products with advanced knowledge of Excel and Word Demonstrate good judgement, reliability, and professionalism in fast paced environment Resilient and tenacious with a propensity to persevere Superior interpersonal skills Excellent written and verbal communication skills Strong initiative, planning, and problem-solving skills, including an ability to focus on both details and results. Strong attention to detail, organizational, time management and prioritizing skills Comfortable dealing with company personnel at various levels The ability to handle issues professionally and stand up well under pressure Sound judgement and critical thinking skills The ability to use tact, discretion, and maintain information in the strictest of confidence The ability to deal maturely with issues and stand up well under pressure Bilingual, written and oral (English and French), is considered an asset Please note the incumbent must be flexible to work non-standard business hours and/or overtime from time to time, when required. This position is subject to appropriate background checks that may include credential, employment, credit, criminal and reference checks  Who We Are  Canadian-owned and operated, Cowan Insurance Group is a leading independent insurance brokerage and consulting operation, providing real value to our clients. With close to 500 employees operating out of 8 locations across Canada, we’re proud to have been named one of Canada’s Best Managed Companies since 2012.  We partner with leading national and international insurance companies to:  deliver insurance and risk management solutions to businesses, organizations and individuals advise on and create retirement, group benefits, disability management and international benefits programs for employee groups.  We also offer wealth and asset management as well as financial and succession planning services to individuals, and specialize in property, casualty and credit insurance.  What sets us apart?  Be In Good Company  Integrity matters. It drives our award-winning workplace culture and fuels our collective desire to help our clients, employees, and communities thrive.  Challenge your thinking  You're valued for your passion, drive and creativity. The pace is fast but the work is meaningful, interesting, and complex, just the way you like it.  Grow together  We believe in your potential. If you’re looking to develop your expertise with learning opportunities and mentoring, we’ll make that happen.  Benefits And Perks  Competitive salary Participate in our comprehensive benefits plan on day one — no waiting period Company-matched Retirement Savings Plan Company-paid training and development courses Community involvement  Are you interested?  Send in your cover letter and resume and share your unique story with us.  While we appreciate the interest of all applicants, we will contact only those selected for interviews. If you are an applicant with disabilities and require accommodations, please let us know at the time of our contact so that we may arrange for their provision.  We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employee candidates will be selected strictly on the basis of an individual's technical qualifications, knowledge and experience, as they relate to the requirements of a particular position. Selections will be made without regard to: race, ancestry, place of origin, colour, ethnic origin, citizenship, creed (religion), sex, sexual orientation, handicaps (physical or mental), age, marital status, family status, or the receipt of public assistance or record of offences."
82,83,2023-04-14,VON Canada,Case Coordinator (TFT 1.0),Mid-Senior level,"Woodstock, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/case-coordinator-tft-1-0-at-von-canada-3570224116?refId=f56xY%2FxbqlJe2m3GXMqBOg%3D%3D&trackingId=xLKk3NI%2FkK9GVv49RMiiLw%3D%3D&position=8&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Description  Position at VON Canada (Ontario)  Requisition Details  Employment Status: Temporary, Full Time (1.0 FTE)  Program Name: Special Services at Home/Passport  Number of Hours Bi-Weekly: 75  Work Schedule: Days  Anticipated End Date: May 2024  On Call: No  Job Summary  The Coordinator is responsible for developing an individual support plan for a high-volume caseload of clients in receipt of the Special Services at Home Program and Passport Program. These programs are funded by the Ministry of Children, Community and Social Services. The coordinator determines and assesses the needs of individuals with disabilities requiring support as well as the needs of their families in order to develop individualized support plans. The coordinator is also responsible for the matching of contracted support workers, acts as an ongoing resource to families and support workers, and provides high quality and impactful services for clients in the community.  Key Responsibilities  Screen and match support workers and facilitate interviews and contracts with appropriate support worker matches. Meet with family and support worker to facilitate an interview in order to develop goals of the services and to negotiate terms of agreement. Ensure referrals and support are provided in emergency and urgent situations Maintains competency including the ability to interpret current applicable standardized assessment tools such as the interRAI CHA. Completes client assessments in the home using conversation based methodology. Develops and conducts a comprehensive therapeutic rapport. Utilizes technology in the home to complete comprehensive assessments. Identifies and prioritizes environmental risk for client’s health and safety (shelter, food and running water, temperature control and overall condition of living environment). Develops a comprehensive care plan (interpreting the CAPs and care planning). Facilitates access to client identified services to support the care plan and goals. Makes referrals to community and health resources as required With client consent, consults with partners in care service plans to ensure shared understanding of client needs and appropriate interventions/services to meet those needs. Monitors client progress and adjusts care plans as required Reviews client care plan expenditures and supports clients to manage within the budgets Accesses and reviews assessment via the IAR (integrated assessment record). Collects and reports relevant data to Manager when necessary. Adheres to the prescribed privacy policies and standards for Community Support Service agencies including VON. Positively and professionally represents all CSS agencies and service providers.  External And Internal Relationships  Engages frequently with Administrative Support, Community Support and Home Care program Coordinators and Manager. Networks and collaborates with all regional partners, providers and agencies.  Education, Designations And Experience  University Degree or College Diploma in Heath or Social Services field. Minimum of 3 years related experience in a home and community care organization or social services program including experience in case management Broad working knowledge of community resources, including service and programs within defined catchment area. Proven experience in building external and community relationships. Demonstrated experience in completing validated common assessment tools and maintaining competency. Knowledge and skills in comprehensive assessment and the ability to maintain proficiency. Computer proficiency in Windows OS and Microsoft office programs. Working with volunteers and seniors an asset.  Skill Requirements  Strong attention to detail and accuracy. Skilled in communication (verbal, written, listening), rapport building and relationship management. Strong computer proficiency. The ability to use analytical skills and understand/interpret client assessment data. Ability to effectively manage multiple tasks, while prioritizing, meeting deadlines and working well under pressure. Demonstrated skills in leadership, team building, communication and education. Time management and strong organizational skills. Ability to work independently and as part of a team. Ability to accept and facilitate change. Ability to maintain confidentiality.  Other  Available for weekend assessment coverage. Must have access to a personal vehicle for business use and possess both a current driver’s license and proof of vehicle insurance A current and original copy of a satisfactory Criminal Records Check A Vulnerable Sector Search and/or a Child Abuse Registry Check may be required The successful candidate must be able to work flexible hours in order to meet client and family needs which will include evenings and weekends. The use of Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) may be required  Work Conditions and Physical Capabilities: fast-paced environment; attention to detail; lift and carry using appropriate lifting techniques; walk, sit, stand, and climb stairs; grip and fine hand movements.  VON Canada is committed to meeting the needs of persons with disabilities and to providing accessibility accommodations for candidates who require them. If you are in need of accessibility support, please visit our website at http://www.von.ca/en/accessibility for further details.  In accordance with the Employer’s policy, Mandatory Vaccination: COVID-19, it is required that all VON Canada Nova Scotia Branch, VON Canada Ontario Branch and VON Canada (National) employees, contractors, volunteers and students be fully vaccinated (subject only to legitimate established exemptions of a medical nature or where there is a valid human rights exception).  To facilitate this policy, all VON Canada employees, students, contractors and volunteers will be required to provide written attestation confirming that they are fully vaccinated and reasonable proof of vaccination status, inclusive of any government-issued documentation."
83,84,2023-04-27,Wipro,Domain Consultant,Mid-Senior level,"Delhi, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/domain-consultant-at-wipro-3583537728?refId=f56xY%2FxbqlJe2m3GXMqBOg%3D%3D&trackingId=O4heMv5ylQoR9fMbt3DB1w%3D%3D&position=9&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"   Role Purpose     The role incumbent is focused on implementation of roadmaps forbusiness process analysis, data analysis, diagnosis of gaps, businessrequirements & functional definitions, best practices application,meeting facilitation, and contributes to project planning. Consultantsare expected to contribute to solution building for the client &practice. The role holder can handle higher scale and complexitycompared to a Consultant profile and is more proactive in clientinteractions.     Do     Assumes responsibilities as the main client contact leadingengagement w/ 10-20% support from Consulting & Client Partners. Develops, assesses, and validates a client’s businessstrategy, including industry and competitive positioning and strategicdirection Develops solutions and services to suit client’s businessstrategy Estimates scope and liability for delivery of the endproduct/solution Seeks opportunities to develop revenue in existing and new areas Leads an engagement and oversees others’ contributions ata customer end, such that customer expectations are met or exceeded. Drives Proposal creation and presales activities for theengagement; new accounts Contributes towards the development of practice policies,procedures, frameworks etc. Guides less experienced team members in delivering solutions. Leads efforts towards building go-to-market/ off the shelf /point solutions and process smethodologies for reuse Creates reusable IP from managed projects     "
84,85,2023-04-13,Shoppers Drug Mart,Pharmacy Assistant,Entry level,"Brantford, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/pharmacy-assistant-at-shoppers-drug-mart-3568711184?refId=f56xY%2FxbqlJe2m3GXMqBOg%3D%3D&trackingId=Qjvkloa23hst9F%2BeeLmKqw%3D%3D&position=10&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Location:  185 King George Rd., Unit 1, Brantford, Ontario, N3R 7R9  Join a locally owned and operated store to help deliver health, beauty and convenience services in your community, and keep the customer at the centre of everything you do.  Why this role is important?  SUMMARY:  To assist with the technical functions of dispensing prescriptions, assist as appropriate in the delivery of pharmacy services and participate in the maintenance and operations of the Pharmacy as described by the Pharmacy Standards of Practice, and to provide superior, timely, and pleasant service to customers.  DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:  Customer Service Greet customer promptly and gather prescription information according to Standards Perform duties in priority according to Role assigned on Role Assignment Schedule Refer to the pharmacist all clinical inquiries Set realistic customer expectations as to wait times Locate and cash out prescriptions and any ancillary items Ensure customers requiring counseling are referred to the Pharmacist Maintain and control the cash register in the dispensary Adhere to all confidentiality and privacy requirements  Administration:  Receive new and repeat prescription orders in accordance with Standard Operating Procedures Prepare and submit orders with the exception, of controlled drugs and narcotics Adjudicate third party billing, online and manage manual Third-Party Accounts Answer telephone and refer to a pharmacist when necessary Manage incoming faxes according to Pharmacy Standards of Practice Assist pharmacist in coordinating call backs Accurately file completed documentation as per Pharmacy Standards of Practice  Prescription Workflow:  Assist in prescription preparation to company's standards and professional services Data entry for new prescriptions, and managing refill request processing Select medications to fill prescriptions according to Pharmacy Standards of Practice Efficiently count or measure, package, and label prescriptions, as per Pharmacy Standards Accurately enter and maintain appropriate data within the applicable Pharmacy systems  Skills & Qualifications:  High School Diploma Diploma from a Pharmacy Assistant credited course preferred Previous Pharmacy Experience preferred Effective organizational skills, ability to multi task Problem Solving Skills Strong attention to detail  J2WRXA  Why work in a Shoppers Drug Mart store?  Each store has an Associate-Owner, so you will work for a local business owner while having the support of a national brand. Benefit from a purchase discount program, flexible and varied schedules, competitive pay and online learning through Academy.  Take ownership of your work and find more ways to care about your patients, co-workers, customers and community.  Associate Owners in the Shoppers Drug Mart network recognize Canada's diversity as an opportunity to better serve their communities, and strive to reflect the nation’s evolving diversity in the products they sell, the people they hire, and the culture they create in their stores. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants and colleagues with disabilities.  In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us."
85,86,2023-03-31,Lifemark Health Group,Care Coordinator,Entry level,"Hagersville, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/care-coordinator-at-lifemark-health-group-3585488545?refId=f56xY%2FxbqlJe2m3GXMqBOg%3D%3D&trackingId=%2BBLZAGNeA%2B8fZH80jZ1APA%3D%3D&position=11&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Care Coordinator – Lifemark Health Group  The Care Coordinator is responsible for fostering a strong relationship between the clinic and its customers, including patients, staff, funders and referral sources. This is achieved by efficiently providing administrative support and coordinating clinic activity with friendly, enthusiastic and professional service with all patients, team members and external customers.  The Care Coordinator is responsible for all aspects of patient intake, data entry, answering the phone, outbound calling, receiving faxes and emails, as well as invoicing and payments.  Primary Responsibilities Answer telephone calls, greet patients and visitors upon arrival, and provide excellent customer service for all questions or concerns Coordinate a detailed and accurate intake of information on the patient's first visit to the clinic and throughout their treatment plan Assist patients with completing paperwork at the clinic to avoid errors and inaccurate information Coordinate scheduling of patient appointments and maintain the patient’s medical record Collect payment at time of service Track coverage for all funding streams to ensure approval Complete data entry and billing Coordinate courier packages (in or outgoing) and process incoming and outgoing email, mail and faxes Provide administrative support to the Care Coordinator Manager and Clinic Director  Qualifications & Core Competencies High School Diploma, G.E.D. or equivalent Excellent customer service skills and telephone etiquette High degree of organizational skills and ability to prioritize and multi-task Excellent communication (verbal/written) and interpersonal skills Strong computer and data entry skills Flexible and adaptable to change Experience in a Physiotherapy clinic an asset  Lifemark welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process.  Apply Today! Visit www.lifemark.ca/careers for more information!"
86,87,2023-04-14,Ferrero,"Buyer, Flex & Aluminum",Mid-Senior level,"Brantford, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/buyer-flex-aluminum-at-ferrero-3570370557?refId=f56xY%2FxbqlJe2m3GXMqBOg%3D%3D&trackingId=VCFo7xORsIC0UsHUbgseyg%3D%3D&position=12&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Job Location: Brantford  Company Description  Ferrero is a family-owned company with a truly progressive and global outlook and iconic brands such as Nutella®, Tic Tac®, Ferrero Rocher®, Raffaello®, Kinder Bueno® and Kinder Surprise®. As the love for our brands continues to grow, so too does our global reach. Represented in more than 50 countries, with products sold in more than 170, the Ferrero Group is loved by generations around the world. The secret to our global success? 38,767 dedicated employees who celebrate care and quality to craft a business, careers and brands we are proud of. Join us, and you could be one of them.  About the Role:  The buyer, flex and aluminum will manage procurement activities and categories packaging of competence under its jurisdiction, ensure the availability of products with the highest levels of service and quality, and optimize costs.  Main Responsibilities:  SUPPLIER MANAGEMENT & STRATEGIC SOURCING  Effectively manage daily relationships with external suppliers Continuously analyze the market supply and outsourcing to implement innovative ideas (new technologies, new materials, etc.) Continuously monitor the performance of its suppliers by means of appropriate KPIs to ensure reliability of supply, compliance with quality standards of service expected, evaluate the reliability and competitiveness of the financial market, identification of corrective actions  PURCHASE ORDER PROCESS  Manage the purchase order process for input materials under its area of competence from approved requisition to PO received and support goods receipt; full responsibility every day to assign orders in accordance with the specifications assigned in accordance with the institutional strategies agreed times (PMT, Budget, SAF) in optimization based on costs and ensure the level of service expected  BUDGET  Receive data from Planning department on the annual requirements for packaging Ensure the forwarding of data to manage suppliers and create a forecast request Ensure the collection of proposals, make comparisons and evaluations Guarantee forecast for all principal costs for purchase of materials  IMPLEMENT THE CENTRAL STRATEGIES  Manage Local Purchases in coordination with the central reference category Report all savings Opportunities Declination or implementation of core strategies Decline or adapt local group strategy  INTEGRATION MANAGEMENT  Manage and coordinate internal relations with the different actors of the process (Inter-Purchasing, Planning, Quality and central department in particular) in the optimization perspective of the value chain  SELECTION OF SUPPLIERS  Ensure the search for local suppliers of packaging in compliance with quality standards established by Headquarters Ensure the possibility of using alternative suppliers guarantee the selection through specific meetings with potential suppliers  NEGOTIATIONS  Guarantee the negotiation of packaging prices and contract terms, in compliance with budget and Group objectives and guidelines  EVALUATION OF SUPPLIERS  Ensure ongoing supplier evaluation for all the suppliers under its area of responsibility by managing complaints from Supply Chain, Production, Quality, Maintenance Manage non-compliance issues with suppliers, request and monitor corrective action when necessary Support to Central Departments for the management of non-compliance issues with suppliers, request and monitor corrective action when necessary  INVOICE MANAGEMENT  Collaborate with Finance to verify the incoming invoices correspond to issued orders, and resolve discrepancies Guarantee the correct support for solving of work items and related issues on invoicing process  QUALITY AND FOOD SAFETY  Ensure all program requirements/standards regarding quality and food safety are implemented, practiced and maintained  Who we are looking for:  Knowledge of the supplier market, qualitative specifications for packaging, price agreements, purchasing process and related procedures; Knowledge of principal manufacturing processes Technical knowledge of materials and manufacturing processes Mastering purchasing techniques: negotiating skills, RFI, RFQ, budgeting, market analysis, risk management, price management Legal knowledge in the drafting of standard documents: orders, contracts, commercial law Knowledge and use of management tools, analysis and control Good knowledge of the logistics process Mastery of SAP modules purchases  How to be successful in the role and at Ferrero:  Consumers, quality and care are at the heart of everything we do. So, to be successful at Ferrero, you’ll need to be just as consumer and product centric as we are - dedicated to crafting brilliant results for consumers around the world.  Diversity Statement  Ferrero is committed to building a diverse and inclusive culture in which all employees feel welcomed and appreciated and have the same opportunities. We believe all of our people are equally talented in their own way. In nurturing the curiosity and natural abilities of our employees, we provide them, generation after generation, the means to succeed personally and professionally, enabling them to craft their journey at Ferrero. The diversity of our talents is what makes our work environment multicultural, innovative and highly rewarding.  Ferrero N.A. provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics.  #FNA"
87,88,2023-02-17,Serigor Inc,Sailpoint Developer,Entry level,"Delhi, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/sailpoint-developer-at-serigor-inc-3481623820?refId=f56xY%2FxbqlJe2m3GXMqBOg%3D%3D&trackingId=VwAJ5YB5%2BgGz9TYyksh96Q%3D%3D&position=13&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"SailPoint Developer (Onsite – US Projects) Location: Maryland Client / Partner: Serigor Inc.    NOTE: This is an ONSITE role for our US based IAM project; We are looking for a CERTIFIED SailPoint Developer with 5-12 years of experience. Visa Sponsorship is available for an ideal candidate who fits the skillset below.   KEY SKILLS: SailPoint Developer with IAM, Okta, Azure AD, IdentityIQ, Agile/Scrum, IdentityNow, IIQ experience      Minimum Requirements:  Experience in SailPoint development (workflows, rules, connectors, policies, and other configurations). Develop and deploy new IAM services in the SailPoint IdentityNow platform Experience with Okta to SailPoint Integration Experience with Microsoft AD AZURE to SailPoint Integration Develop API services to handle access policies and access requests and integrate with external applications. Design and develop workflows, forms, and reusable rules, tasks, and reports within SailPoint IdentityIQ to support a wide range of applications and functionalities. Knowledge of solution delivery utilizing Agile or Scrum methodology Collaborate with the Architects, Service Delivery Manager, Project Managers, and others relative to the SailPoint IdentityNow and/or IIQ deployment plans. Familiarity with the company's information architecture and information management methodologies Familiarity with the existing and planned software technology and the global, regional, and local software architecture and infrastructure components Job Description:   This position will work as an IT Identity and Access Management Developer and provide expertise in the analysis, development, implementation, and monitoring of identity lifecycle management and user access provisioning. IAM Developer will work collaboratively across the organization and other solution partners to design, develop and integrate an Identity and Access Management solution for an agency-wide solution. IAM Developer is responsible for the technical aspects of implementing a wide range of access tasks development, implementation, and configuration. This role will cover: IdentityIQ installation, build, and deployment; Lifecycle Manager; Identity Governance; custom development; recertification; application onboarding; debugging and troubleshooting; Rest APIs; and data and access modeling. SailPoint Certified IdentityIQ Engineer certification will be a plus. Supports application-related troubleshooting as part of project or post-production support activities and keeps documentation accurate and up to date. Available for on-call support as needed. Other duties as assigned and required by the unit operations."
88,89,2023-04-14,VON Canada,Clinical Education Manager (TFT 1.0),Mid-Senior level,"Brantford, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/clinical-education-manager-tft-1-0-at-von-canada-3570224121?refId=f56xY%2FxbqlJe2m3GXMqBOg%3D%3D&trackingId=%2BH%2FtTcQ2T%2BenlZ15zOJNaQ%3D%3D&position=14&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Description  Position at VON Canada (Ontario)  Requisition Details  Employment Status: Temporary, Full Time (1.0 FTE)  Program Name: eHomecare  Number of Hours Bi-Weekly: 75  Work Schedule: Days  Anticipated End Date: June 2023  On Call: Yes  Job Summary  The Clinical Education Manager provides leadership in clinical and professional practice education. The incumbent oversees and directs the provision of quality and client centred care. The Clinical Education Manager proactively assesses and determines education programming for regulated/unregulated roles, is responsible for performance evaluation of clinical staff, develops learning plans, and delivers and evaluates practice education in support of the goals and objectives of the Organization.  Key Responsibilities  Client Service Delivery/Human Resource Management  Provides leadership support to the District Executive Director/Senior Manager in areas of clinical professional practice, evidence-based practice, staff performance management and performance improvement. Conducts needs assessments to determine practice education requirements, develops programming to meet recognized needs and sets priorities in support of Organizational goals and objectives. Ensures core competencies required by clinical staff are identified, developed and maintained in both regulated and unregulated staff. Develops practice education programs in collaboration with other VON Clinical Education Managers in order to ensure a standardized approach to practice education. Participates in all aspects of the employee life-cycle for regulated and unregulated clinical roles, including recruitment, performance management and disciplinary action, up to and including termination. Evaluates the effectiveness of existing practice education programs and revises content as appropriate. Develops an integrated practice education program supporting service delivery across lines of business. Provides clinical guidance to front line staff to integrate the adoption of new knowledge, information and best practice into care delivery. Observes and assesses clinical staff performance. Utilizes patient and family experience data to guide performance improvements. Oversees and supports staff in the development of individual learning plans and performance improvement where gaps have been identified. Evaluates and assesses the clinical practice of regulated and unregulated clinical staff in accordance with practice standards, VON policy, relevant legislation and college regulations, where applicable. Promotes excellence in clinical care delivery through evidence-based practice decision making and a spirit of inquiry and just culture. Contributes to the development, delivery and evaluation of regional practice education.  Business and Financial Management  Contributes to the development and implementation of quality improvement activities to achieve performance targets. Supports business and professional service delivery goals of the Organization by working collaboratively with Program Managers to ensure cost effective nursing, home support and community support services and programs are provided to individuals, families and the communities.  Organization Leadership/Business Program and Community  Works cross functionally with IT, Finance, Client Services, Occupational Health & Safety, HR, and Practice, Quality & Risk to maximize front line care delivery. Develops relationships, partnerships and alliances internally within the organization and externally the community to ensure currency, and relevancy of practice education material. May participate on any local, regional or national team or committees as required, desired or requested. Examples include, Quality Care and Service, Joint Occupational Health and Safety, Accreditation, Recruitment and Retention. Promotes a learning environment for staff and professional development.  Common Responsibilities  Promotes the goals and values of VON and their role as an integrated community care provider Promotes a safe and healthy workplace ensuring workplace conduct and activities are in accordance with the provincial Occupational Health and Safety Act and Regulations. Abides by all VON policies and work practices Abides by all confidentiality and protection of personal information policies, regulations and practices and ensures appropriate safeguards are in place within their role Works in collaboration with other staff in a team approach to service delivery  External And Internal Relationships  As assigned by Site or District Executive Director/Senior Manager, and may include but are not limited to:  Client Organizations – LHIN committees/working groups, District Health Authorities, Ministries of Health Community health, social and service agencies. Post-secondary educational institutions  Education, Designations And Experience  Bachelor’s Degree in Nursing (BScN, BN) is required or equivalent; Masters is preferred Current registration with provincial nursing regulatory body Minimum 5 years of recent, relevant clinical nursing experience Experience in a homecare setting is an asset Certificate or experience in Gerontology Adult education certificate/diploma or additional education in adult education preferred Experience in developing education program and support materials A strong understanding of education theories and frameworks, practical application and knowledge transfer Experience in providing clinical education utilizing adult education principles and evidence-based practice Experience with wound care, IV therapy, and palliative care CNA certification preferred CAPSE, HOSPICE Care certification preferred Knowledge of skin and wound management is considered an asset  Skill Requirements  Demonstrated commitment to working in an environment with high confidentiality and discretion. Strong management skills and the ability to lead, motivate and support both a core and an extended team of staff and volunteers. Superior interpersonal skills including the ability to relate effectively with people at all levels (internal and external). Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Able to work both independently and within a team. Strong organizational skills with an ability to prioritize and multi-task. Must demonstrate strong attention to detail. Ability to adjust to rapidly changing priorities. Creative thinking skills.  Other  Must have personal vehicle and possess both a current driver’s license and proof of vehicle insurance. A current and original copy of a satisfactory Criminal Records Check. A Vulnerable Sector Search and/or Child Abuse Registry Check may be required. Ability to speak French is an asset in French Designated areas. The use of Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) may be required  Work Conditions and Physical Capabilities: fast-paced environment; attention to detail; lift and carry using appropriate lifting techniques; walk, sit, stand, and climb stairs; grip and fine hand movements.  VON Canada is committed to meeting the needs of persons with disabilities and to providing accessibility accommodations for candidates who require them. If you are in need of accessibility support, please visit our website at http://www.von.ca/en/accessibility for further details.  In accordance with the Employer’s policy, Mandatory Vaccination: COVID-19, it is required that all VON Canada Nova Scotia Branch, VON Canada Ontario Branch and VON Canada (National) employees, contractors, volunteers and students be fully vaccinated (subject only to legitimate established exemptions of a medical nature or where there is a valid human rights exception).  To facilitate this policy, all VON Canada employees, students, contractors and volunteers will be required to provide written attestation confirming that they are fully vaccinated and reasonable proof of vaccination status, inclusive of any government-issued documentation."
89,90,2023-03-11,Wipro,Lead Administrator,Mid-Senior level,"Delhi, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/lead-administrator-at-wipro-3551121213?refId=f56xY%2FxbqlJe2m3GXMqBOg%3D%3D&trackingId=uWgKREof9iSAMCxediFiMQ%3D%3D&position=15&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"   Role Purpose  The purpose of this role is to provide significant technicalexpertise in architecture planning and design of the concerned tower(platform, database, middleware, backup etc) as well as managing itsday-to-day operations  Do  Provide adequate support in architecture planning, migration& installation for new projects in own tower (platform/dbase/middleware/ backup) Lead the structural/ architectural design of a platform/middleware/ database/ back up etc. according to various systemrequirements to ensure a highly scalable and extensiblesolution Conduct technology capacity planning by reviewing the currentand future requirements Utilize and leverage the new features of all underlyingtechnologies to ensure smooth functioning of the installed databases andapplications/ platforms, as applicable Strategize & implement disaster recovery plans and createand implement backup and recovery plans Manage the day-to-day operations of the tower Manage day-to-day operations by troubleshooting any issues,conducting root cause analysis (RCA) and developing fixes to avoidsimilar issues. Plan for and manage upgradations, migration, maintenance,backup, installation and configuration functions for own tower Review the technical performance of own tower and deploy ways toimprove efficiency, fine tune performance and reduce performancechallenges Develop shift roster for the team to ensure no disruption in thetower Create and update SOPs, Data Responsibility Matrices, operationsmanuals, daily test plans, data architecture guidance etc. Provide weekly status reports to the client leadership team,internal stakeholders on database activities w.r.t. progress, updates,status, and next steps Leverage technology to develop Service Improvement Plan (SIP)through automation and other initiatives for higher efficiency andeffectiveness    Team Management Resourcing Forecast talent requirements as per the current and future businessneeds Hire adequate and right resources for the team Train direct reportees to make right recruitment and selectiondecisions Talent Management Ensure 100% compliance to Wipro’s standards of adequateonboarding and training for team members to enhance capability &effectiveness Build an internal talent pool of HiPos and ensure their careerprogression within the organization Promote diversity in leadership positions Performance Management Set goals for direct reportees, conduct timely performance reviewsand appraisals, and give constructive feedback to direct reports. Ensure that organizational programs like Performance Nxt are wellunderstood and that the team is taking the opportunities presented bysuch programs to their and their levels below Employee Satisfaction and Engagement Lead and drive engagement initiatives for the team Track team satisfaction scores and identify initiatives to buildengagement within the team Proactively challenge the team with larger and enriching projects/initiatives for the organization or team Exercise employee recognition and appreciation    Stakeholder Interaction     Stakeholder Type  Stakeholder Identification  Purpose of Interaction  Internal  Technology Solutions Group, BU Teams, Different Infrastructureteams  Understanding requirements, planning and status updates,maintenance and back up, issue resolution etc.    IRMC, QA  Guidance on risk mitigation and quality standards  External  Clients  Understanding requirements, planning and status updates,maintenance and back up, issue resolution etc.    Vendors/ Manufacturers  Development and deployment of platforms, applications, databasesetc.        Display     Lists the competencies required to perform this role effectively:  Functional Competencies/ Skill Technical Knowledge - Knowledge of own tower (platform,application, database etc) - Expert Domain Knowledge - Understanding of IT industry and itstrends - Competent to Expert    Competency Levels  Foundation  Knowledgeable about the competency requirements. Demonstrates (inparts) frequently with minimal support and guidance.  Competent  Consistently demonstrates the full range of the competencywithout guidance. Extends the competency to difficult and unknownsituations as well.  Expert  Applies the competency in all situations and is serves as a guideto others as well.  Master  Coaches others and builds organizational capability in thecompetency area. Serves as a key resource for that competency and isrecognised within the entire organization.     Behavioral Competencies Managing Complexity Client centricity Execution Excellence Passion for Results Team Management Stakeholder Management    Deliver     No.  Performance Parameter  Measure  1.  Operations of the tower  SLA adherence  Knowledge management  CSAT/ Customer Experience  Identification of risk issues and mitigation plans  Knowledge management  2.  New projects  Timely delivery  Avoid unauthorised changes  No formal escalations   "
90,91,2023-04-25,Shoppers Drug Mart,Pharmacy Assistant,Entry level,"Brantford, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/pharmacy-assistant-at-shoppers-drug-mart-3586738870?refId=f56xY%2FxbqlJe2m3GXMqBOg%3D%3D&trackingId=sAmijyQ7EWHG1vN4HsaZYA%3D%3D&position=16&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Location:  10 Stanley St, Unit 6, Brantford, Ontario, N3S 7N4  Join a locally owned and operated store to help deliver health, beauty and convenience services in your community, and keep the customer at the centre of everything you do.  Why this role is important?  SUMMARY:  To assist with the technical functions of dispensing prescriptions, assist as appropriate in the delivery of pharmacy services and participate in the maintenance and operations of the Pharmacy as described by the Pharmacy Standards of Practice, and to provide superior, timely, and pleasant service to customers. Must have flexibility with shift availabilities with days, evening, weekends, and holidays.  DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:  Customer Service Greet customer promptly and gather prescription information according to Standards Perform duties in priority according to Role assigned on Role Assignment Schedule Refer to the pharmacist all clinical inquiries Set realistic customer expectations as to wait times Locate and cash out prescriptions and any ancillary items Ensure customers requiring counseling are referred to the Pharmacist Maintain and control the cash register in the dispensary Adhere to all confidentiality and privacy requirements  Administration:  Receive new and repeat prescription orders in accordance with Standard Operating Procedures Prepare and submit orders with the exception, of controlled drugs and narcotics Adjudicate third party billing, online and manage manual Third-Party Accounts Answer telephone and refer to a pharmacist when necessary Manage incoming faxes according to Pharmacy Standards of Practice Assist pharmacist in coordinating call backs Accurately file completed documentation as per Pharmacy Standards of Practice  Prescription Workflow:  Assist in prescription preparation to company's standards and professional services Data entry for new prescriptions, and managing refill request processing Select medications to fill prescriptions according to Pharmacy Standards of Practice Efficiently count or measure, package, and label prescriptions, as per Pharmacy Standards Accurately enter and maintain appropriate data within the applicable Pharmacy systems  Skills & Qualifications:  High School Diploma Diploma from a Pharmacy Assistant credited course preferred Previous Pharmacy Experience preferred Effective organizational skills, ability to multi task Problem Solving Skills Strong attention to detail  J2WRXA  Why work in a Shoppers Drug Mart store?  Each store has an Associate-Owner, so you will work for a local business owner while having the support of a national brand. Benefit from a purchase discount program, flexible and varied schedules, competitive pay and online learning through Academy.  Take ownership of your work and find more ways to care about your patients, co-workers, customers and community.  Associate Owners in the Shoppers Drug Mart network recognize Canada's diversity as an opportunity to better serve their communities, and strive to reflect the nation’s evolving diversity in the products they sell, the people they hire, and the culture they create in their stores. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants and colleagues with disabilities.  In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us."
91,92,2023-04-19,Global Pharma Tek,CYSSC-23-0052- x1 BA for AEE ODSP Business Analyst,Entry level,"Jarvis, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/cyssc-23-0052-x1-ba-for-aee-odsp-business-analyst-at-global-pharma-tek-3569765702?refId=f56xY%2FxbqlJe2m3GXMqBOg%3D%3D&trackingId=xB0epHNv8SIOiVo6WhkHrw%3D%3D&position=17&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Description  Responsibilities:  "" perform system analysis, design, testing and implementation of applications and ensure they comply with strategy and standards.  "" provide systems analysis and design expertise in the development and maintenance of the Ministry application systems  "" analyze user requirements, generation of prototypes for user consultation and the design, testing, documentation, implementation and maintenance of applications  "" coordinate analyses, develops, and implements solutions for complex problems  "" consult with clients on the changes/modifications, recommend and develop training plans, and monitor operational performance  "" plan application development activities, provide direction, guidance and technical support to programming staff and train junior team members  General Skills  Technical Knowledge and Expertise  You Have  "" advanced technical knowledge of large hardware and software operations and utilities, productivity tools, client server architecture, mini-computer, PC technologies, online processing systems, web-based technologies, Commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) and database management systems  "" knowledge of rules-based engines based in COTS applications like Curam  "" knowledge of front end, web-based technologies and data-mining/reporting-based COTS tools encompassing feasibility studies, requirements definition, analysis, prototyping, system design, implementation, testing and maintenance  "" knowledge of design methodologies in Internet-based and/or distributed environments  "" knowledge of Systems Development Life Cycle Methodologies, familiarity with ITIL Processes for Change/Release Management, use of object oriented and/or 3GL development tools, relational and hierarchical data base technologies, use of information retrieval packages using SQL and other query languages, one or more telecommunications protocols  "" knowledge of emerging IT trends and technologies  Analytical and Problem-Solving Skills  "" you can gather information on client problems, services and business goals/objectives  "" you can evaluate requirements and review options for solution, assess cost/benefit of options, evaluate alternative conceptual systems designs and potential impact of proposed system changes on existing service delivery  "" you can recommend approaches and discuss with client  Organizational and Project Management Skills  "" you can plan, develop, manage, control projects and resolve complex technical design problems  "" you have knowledge of project management and in-depth knowledge of task estimation, scheduling and control  Communication and Interpersonal Skills  "" you can gather information, clarify needs and desired system changes, explain system development recommendations, explain and provide instruction on new/modified systems and technology  "" you can prepare business cases, systems documentation, user manuals and guidelines  "" you can clarify and discuss systems development options with clients"
92,93,2023-04-20,Cargill,Product Line Manager- Feed (Open to Remote),Mid-Senior level,"Woodstock, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/product-line-manager-feed-open-to-remote-at-cargill-3564543044?refId=f56xY%2FxbqlJe2m3GXMqBOg%3D%3D&trackingId=W9J7eCBPE9RUvxmJVP%2B32w%3D%3D&position=18&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Want to build a stronger, more sustainable future and cultivate your career? Join Cargill's global team of 160,000 employees who are committed to safe, responsible and sustainable ways to nourish the world. This position is in Cargill’s animal nutrition and health business, where we improve lives through better nutrition. Our team researches, innovates and creates solutions that deliver healthy results for our customers.  Job Purpose and Impact  The Product Line Manager- Feed will design and implement a comprehensive product marketing cycle across multiple species in conjunction with commercial and category leaders to develop Annual Operating Plans. In this role, you will identify market potential, establish pricing and market strategies, estimate potential sales, define promotional activities and handle product through phase out.  Key Accountabilities Develop Annual Operating Plans across multiple species to drive incremental growth in product lines in collaboration with commercial and category leaders Prepare and coordinate product introductions and updates. Compile and evaluate research on market product requirements and identify enhancements to current features and functionality. Act as a project lead in collaboration with manufacturing, sales, and marketing groups to align marketing initiatives to commercial execution Coordinate program planning with customers to identify manufacturing schedules, goals, design criteria, costs and similar considerations. Develop deep understanding of customer and channel priorities to develop comprehensive strategic plans leading to product line growth Plan, organize and coordinate assigned programs to accomplish financial and budgetary goals. Independently handle complex issues with minimal supervision, while escalating only the most complex issues to appropriate staff. Other duties as assigned  Qualifications  Minimum Qualifications Diploma/Certificate or Bachelor’s degree in a related field or technical or equivalent experience in commercial livestock Minimum of four years of related work experience Must be legally entitled to work for Cargill in Canada  Preferred Qualifications Bilingual in both French and English (verbal and written) Beef, Poultry, Pork species working knowledge Advance proficiency in MS Office (Powerpoint, Excel) Tableau or Power BI or similar data visualization systems work experience Product launch project management experience  Cargill is an equal opportunity employer and committed to providing accommodation to our job applicants with disabilities."
93,94,2023-04-07,Stoakley-Stewart Consultants Ltd.,Print Pressman (Web Press),Not Applicable,"Brantford, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/print-pressman-web-press-at-stoakley-stewart-consultants-ltd-3557526522?refId=f56xY%2FxbqlJe2m3GXMqBOg%3D%3D&trackingId=ooLglQuEBeaqDix5gxNWtQ%3D%3D&position=19&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Brantford, ON  Job ID 202526  Position Description  In this role, you would be responsible for  Efficient operation of press equipment and ensuring on-time, high quality and high quantity production Performing safe set-up, operation and routine maintenance of the press or associated equipment Following quality and safety standards at all times  Experience  Minimum 3-5 years’ experience working within Web Printing Press environment.  QUALIFICATIONS  Must be a team player with excellent interpersonal skills Must be able to work with deadlines and schedules  Additional Information  Date Posted April 6, 2023  Job Type Permanent, Full-Time  Industries Printing  Job Categories Skilled Trades  Manages Others No  Required Travel No  Relocation Assistance No  Learn More About the Recruiter  Andrew Schofield  Andrew is at the forefront of industry staffing solutions in the Canadian Media, Print & Packaging Industry as it evolves through Corporate Merger Acquisition, Product Development, or Technological Advancement. He is regarded as an industry insider resource by Employers & Employees for career enhancement beyond traditional job application forums. With his industry-focused portfolio Andrew joins Stoakley-Stewart Consultants to continue his career success.  How to Apply  Please click on the “Apply” button located elsewhere on this job posting (preferred) or email your resume to  Schofield@Stoakley.com  About Stoakley-Stewart Consultants  Stoakley-Stewart Consultants Ltd. is an Executive Search/Recruiting firm with an impressive domestic presence and strong international reach. We opened our doors in 1977 and have grown to be one of the most successful employment agencies in Canada. We house a team of top-notch consultants, each acting as a subject matter expert in their chosen field. As a result we provide professional recruiting services to clients and candidates in a variety of industries, functions and geographies. This expansive breadth of experience allows us, as a firm, to successfully satisfy all of your hiring/employment needs. In accordance with Canadian laws, it is the policy of Stoakley-Stewart Consultants to consider all qualified individuals for available positions without regard to race, colour, religion, sexual orientation, country of origin, age, disability etc.  Click here to view ALL of our open jobs.  What are we known for and how do we help?  Helping talented professionals secure new, exciting and rewarding career opportunities Treating each unique individual with professionalism, respect and integrity Meeting your distinct needs by matching you with the right corporate culture  Privacy Policy  Our Corporate systems comply with the provisions of the Personal Information Protection and Electronics Documents Act (“PIPEDA”) which became effective January 1, 2004. Click here to view our complete Privacy Policy.  Consent Policy  By you (“the applicant”) submitting your resumé and/or personal information here, grant Stoakley-Stewart Consultants Ltd. (“SSC”) the right to use personal data for recruitment and selection purposes. The applicant understands that the applicant’s personal information is only collected, used and disclosed by SSC in accordance with this form or otherwise as permitted by law. The applicant authorizes SSC to collect, use and disclose their personal information in order to attempt to assist them in gaining employment with of one of SSC’s clients. For this purpose and as part of this process, the applicant authorizes SSC to take a number of steps, typically including, but not necessarily limited to Obtaining their resumé and references (and any updates thereof); Interviewing them; Producing a video-clip of them; Speaking with their references; Verifying information and performing other searches and checks, done either by SSC or by an independent agency on behalf of SSC; Evaluating information about the applicant to analyze their suitability to potential positions; Disclosing any information about the applicant as provided by the applicant, by references and by other sources to any present or future client of SSC who, based on the applicant’s qualifications, work requirements, desires and other factors and determined solely in the discretion of SSC, has or may have a position to which the applicant is or may be suited. The applicant understands that SSC will not disclose their information to a present or future client without speaking to the applicant first and receiving the applicant’s verbal consent.  Follow Us for the Latest Jobs, Career Advice and Job Market Trends"
94,,2023-04-14,VON Canada (Ontario),Case Coordinator (TFT 1.0),Mid-Senior level,"Woodstock, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/case-coordinator-tft-1-0-at-von-canada-ontario-3570232839?refId=f56xY%2FxbqlJe2m3GXMqBOg%3D%3D&trackingId=q2PNmtXbQvJ457xClb5SAg%3D%3D&position=20&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Requisition Details:  Employment Status: Temporary, Full Time (1.0 FTE)  Program Name: Special Services at Home/Passport  Number of Hours Bi-Weekly: 75  Work Schedule: Days  Anticipated End Date: May 2024  On Call: No  Job Summary:  The Coordinator is responsible for developing an individual support plan for a high-volume caseload of clients in receipt of the Special Services at Home Program and Passport Program. These programs are funded by the Ministry of Children, Community and Social Services. The coordinator determines and assesses the needs of individuals with disabilities requiring support as well as the needs of their families in order to develop individualized support plans. The coordinator is also responsible for the matching of contracted support workers, acts as an ongoing resource to families and support workers, and provides high quality and impactful services for clients in the community.  Key Responsibilities:  Screen and match support workers and facilitate interviews and contracts with appropriate support worker matches. Meet with family and support worker to facilitate an interview in order to develop goals of the services and to negotiate terms of agreement. Ensure referrals and support are provided in emergency and urgent situations Maintains competency including the ability to interpret current applicable standardized assessment tools such as the interRAI CHA. Completes client assessments in the home using conversation based methodology. Develops and conducts a comprehensive therapeutic rapport. Utilizes technology in the home to complete comprehensive assessments. Identifies and prioritizes environmental risk for client’s health and safety (shelter, food and running water, temperature control and overall condition of living environment). Develops a comprehensive care plan (interpreting the CAPs and care planning). Facilitates access to client identified services to support the care plan and goals. Makes referrals to community and health resources as required With client consent, consults with partners in care service plans to ensure shared understanding of client needs and appropriate interventions/services to meet those needs. Monitors client progress and adjusts care plans as required Reviews client care plan expenditures and supports clients to manage within the budgets Accesses and reviews assessment via the IAR (integrated assessment record). Collects and reports relevant data to Manager when necessary. Adheres to the prescribed privacy policies and standards for Community Support Service agencies including VON. Positively and professionally represents all CSS agencies and service providers.  External and Internal Relationships:  Engages frequently with Administrative Support, Community Support and Home Care program Coordinators and Manager. Networks and collaborates with all regional partners, providers and agencies.  Education, Designations and Experience:  University Degree or College Diploma in Heath or Social Services field. Minimum of 3 years related experience in a home and community care organization or social services program including experience in case management Broad working knowledge of community resources, including service and programs within defined catchment area. Proven experience in building external and community relationships. Demonstrated experience in completing validated common assessment tools and maintaining competency. Knowledge and skills in comprehensive assessment and the ability to maintain proficiency. Computer proficiency in Windows OS and Microsoft office programs. Working with volunteers and seniors an asset.  Skill Requirements:  Strong attention to detail and accuracy. Skilled in communication (verbal, written, listening), rapport building and relationship management. Strong computer proficiency. The ability to use analytical skills and understand/interpret client assessment data. Ability to effectively manage multiple tasks, while prioritizing, meeting deadlines and working well under pressure. Demonstrated skills in leadership, team building, communication and education. Time management and strong organizational skills. Ability to work independently and as part of a team. Ability to accept and facilitate change. Ability to maintain confidentiality.  Other:  Available for weekend assessment coverage. Must have access to a personal vehicle for business use and possess both a current driver’s license and proof of vehicle insurance A current and original copy of a satisfactory Criminal Records Check A Vulnerable Sector Search and/or a Child Abuse Registry Check may be required The successful candidate must be able to work flexible hours in order to meet client and family needs which will include evenings and weekends. The use of Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) may be required  Work Conditions and Physical Capabilities: fast-paced environment; attention to detail; lift and carry using appropriate lifting techniques; walk, sit, stand, and climb stairs; grip and fine hand movements.  VON Canada is committed to meeting the needs of persons with disabilities and to providing accessibility accommodations for candidates who require them. If you are in need of accessibility support, please visit our website at http://www.von.ca/en/accessibility for further details."
95,96,2023-04-04,CRH Canada,Quality Control Coordinator CO-OP (May 2023),Entry level,"Paris, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/quality-control-coordinator-co-op-may-2023-at-crh-canada-3554310547?refId=f56xY%2FxbqlJe2m3GXMqBOg%3D%3D&trackingId=l4LB8R%2FZAxFkT4IVRjV5pQ%3D%3D&position=21&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Job ID: 478270  Work Type: Internship  It is a great time to join the CRH Canada team! CRH Canada is going through an exciting business transformation which demands first-class Talent Management support to drive results.  We are building a world- class team. Make your mark!  You will be a successful addition to our team if you look at change as an opportunity to develop and contribute to the business. You will be successful in your role if you like partnering with the business, presenting new ideas and providing excellent customer service.  Dufferin Aggregates, a divison of CRH Canada is looking to hire!  Who We Are  Recognized as one of Greater Toronto's Top 100 Employers , Dufferin Concrete ia trusted supplier, providing the materials, expert advice and value-added services to build roads, highways, schools, homes and buildings in Southern Ontario. Our network of 28 plants and over 400 ready-mix trucks provide a variety of standard and custom concrete mixes to meet technical specifications for commercial, industrial, institutional, and residential construction customers. We are a division of CRH Canada Group Inc., and part of CRH plc’s Americas Materials, North America’s leading vertically integrated supplier of aggregates, asphalt, cement, ready mixed concrete and paving and construction services.  Position: Quality Control- Technical Service Coordinator Co-op (4 & 8 Months)  Location: Multiple across the GTA: Etobicoke, Markham, Toronto, Burlington, Kitchener  Start Date: May 2023  The Technical Service Coordinator is a developmental role consisting of activities to maintain the quality management system and in performing, coordinating and reporting concrete testing. Reporting to the Supervisor of Technical Services, the Technical Services Coordinator will meet customer needs by maintaining a high level of product quality through the testing of concrete and its raw materials.  What You Will Do  Interface with other field technicians, Drivers, Lab Personnel, Plant Operators, Supervisors and Managers to communicate quality objectives and results Sampling and testing of concrete and other raw materials to ensure they meet plant and job site regulatory specifications Maintaining, analyzing and interpreting test data and record daily test results Delivery and administration of value-added products to accommodate customer needs Assist with job site quality investigations and analysis of concrete quality Equipment operation and calibration, including preventive and general maintenance Assist with identifying issues and opportunities allowing continuous improvement May assist in contract specification reviews/mix design submissions to clients  Work Environment  Plant/Field/Lab environment Travel to plants and job sites Physical demands  What You Need To Have  Safety oriented and sound knowledge of OH&S policies, procedures and regulations Knowledge of concrete and aggregates testing Strong analytical and decision-making skills Good communication skills both written and oral Proficient in MS Office Excellent problem solving abilities, organizational and time management skills Ability to perform multiple tasks simultaneously, flexible and able to adjust to changing needs, priorities and work times Capability to work in an outdoor environment, with frequent exposure to heat, cold, dust and noise is required Customer-oriented Must have valid G driver’s license  Educational/Experience Criteria (preferred)  Current enrollment in a Diploma or Degree for Civil, Geological or Material Engineering, Construction or Chemical Technology Program Working towards The Ontario Association of Certified Engineering and Applied Science Technicians and Technologists Concrete Testing Experience with a CCIL certified laboratory  Visit our website for more information: http://www.crhcanada.com  CRH Canada Group Inc. recognizes Canada’s diverse landscape. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment and selection process."
96,97,2023-04-12,Serco,Customer Service Agent 3 - Simcoe- Part Time - Perm - Non- Bilingual,Entry level,"Simcoe, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/customer-service-agent-3-simcoe-part-time-perm-non-bilingual-at-serco-3566311884?refId=f56xY%2FxbqlJe2m3GXMqBOg%3D%3D&trackingId=cQrPbf9CpXHrVwg15BiL6Q%3D%3D&position=22&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Serco Canada Inc. operates all the DriveTest Centres across Ontario on behalf of the Ministry of Transportation. As a customer service agent with Serco Canada Inc., you will be based out of one of our 56 Ontario DriveTest Centres. If you are a positive and professional team player who enjoys working with the public in a high energy environment, rewarding job opportunities await you at Serco Canada Inc.  Customer service agents are responsible for providing information and assisting members of the public at various stages of the driver’s licensing process. Some of the work includes responding to customer inquiries in person and on the telephone, providing information about licence rules and regulations, verifying driver records, taking applicant photos, scheduling road test appointments, collecting applicable fees, and preparing reports. Customer service agents must have excellent time management and organizational skills and exercise superior judgment skills. We require individuals who can work independently, meet deadlines, and strive to achieve customer satisfaction in all aspects of their work.  Purpose of the Job: Provides information and assistance related to driver examination services. Reviews information, determines test(s) requirements, and conducts/processes transactions and exams inside the DriveTest Centre. Assists in the smooth and efficient administration of examinations, including preparation of test takers entry, invigilating, the distribution of exam materials, and the collection of examinations. Ensures the fair and proper conduct of examinations. Creates a calm, professional, and supportive environment that enables applicants to perform to the best of their abilities. Provides Security Guard Testing (SGT) examination services support.  Primary Duties and Responsibilities: Responds to inquiries related to driver licensing, determines applicant status, and provides information regarding test/re-test procedures and regulations relating to all classes of licences. Distributes and verifies application forms for accuracy and completeness. Investigates problems or errors in licence records and initiates corrections. Captures applicant photos, administers vision tests to ensure minimum requirements are met, and provides referrals to vision specialists. Collects applicable fees accurately. Conducts and processes knowledge tests, dispatches road test appointments, provides results, issues temporary driver’s licences, and processes licensing changes. Identifies licence exchange privileges and/or test requirements for driver’s licence applicants from other countries, provinces, and jurisdictions; assesses foreign licence eligibility, translations, and letters of authentication from other countries. Contacts members of the public to communicate information and correct errors. Administers commercial licence renewals, including accepting medical examination reports and criminal record checks. Escalates customer concerns and redirects customers to other government agencies, when required.  Qualifications  To be successful in this role, you must have: Valid Ontario class “G” of licence is required. Must have at least four (4) years driving experience, verified based on “date first licenced” indicated on the Ontario driver’s licence. 1-4 years of customer service experience in a service environment is preferred to include, but not limited to: Airline Industry Financial Industry Banking Industry Federal and Local Government Services healthcare Industry Must have and maintain an acceptable driving record. May include working on Saturday and Sunday where applicable. Intermediate-level computer skills in Microsoft Office are required. Touch-typing and data entry. Must be able to perform physical duties of the position, this may include sitting or standing for extended periods of time and entering and existing vehicles up to 30 times per shift. Must pass Criminal Record Check (CPIC); Fingerprint Criminal Record Check Employee hours vary based on customer demand and location’s operating hours. This position may require extended shift hours and possibly Saturday hours (depending on location) during certain periods of the year when Drive Test Centre volume is higher. This position requires the attendance of a formal training session, which includes classroom instruction with experienced and qualified trainers and on-the-job shadowing at a Drive Test Centre facilitated by a coach. If you are unsuccessful at any stage of the training, your employment will end effective immediately.  If you are interested in supporting and working with our Customer Service professionals and a passionate Serco team- then submit your application now for immediate consideration. It only takes a few minutes and could change your career! We thank all applicants for their interest. However, only candidates selected for an interview will be contacted.  Serco Canada Inc. an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusive, barrier-free recruitment and selection processes. Consistent with our Values, Serco Canada is committed to providing equitable treatment to all with respect to barrier-free employment and accommodation without discrimination. Serco Canada will provide accommodation for applicants in all aspects of the hiring process. If you have an accommodation need, please contact Human Resources as soon as possible to make appropriate arrangements.  Company Overview  Serco Inc. (Serco) is the Americas division of Serco Group, plc. Serco serves every branch of the U.S. military, numerous U.S. Federal civilian agencies, the Intelligence Community, the Canadian government, state and local governments, and commercial clients. We help our clients deliver vital services more efficiently while increasing the satisfaction of their end customers. Headquartered in Herndon, Virginia, Serco Americas has over 9,000 employees and is part of a $4 billion global business that helps transform government and public services around the world. At Serco, our employees are our most valuable asset - we listen, respect and support them throughout their career at Serco. We invite you to become part of our dynamic team. Serco is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversifying our workforce (Race/ Color/ Sex/ Sexual Orientation/ Gender Identity/ Religion/ National Origin/ Disability/ Vets).  To review Serco benefits please visit: https://www.serco.com/na/careers/benefits-of-choosing-serco .  If you require an accommodation with the application process please email: careers@serco-na.com or call the HR Service Desk at 800-628-6458, option 1. Please note, due to EEOC/OFCCP compliance, Serco is unable to accept resumes by email.  Serco does not accept unsolicited resumes through or from search firms or staffing agencies without being a contracted approved vendor. All unsolicited resumes will be considered the property of Serco and will not be obligated to pay a placement or contract fee. If you are interested in becoming an approved vendor at Serco, please email Agencies@serco-na.com .  COVID-19 Regulations: Serco complies with all applicable COVID-19 requirements. This may require employees to be vaccinated against COVID-19, provide attestations regarding vaccination status and/or COVID-19 testing, or satisfy other conditions of employment that Serco deems appropriate, and employees may be required to show proof of vaccination and/or negative COVID-19 test results as a condition of employment (except in limited circumstances where an employee is legally entitled to an accommodation)."
97,98,2023-04-17,Lafarge Canada,Senior Analyst - Commercial & Logistics,Mid-Senior level,"Paris, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/senior-analyst-commercial-logistics-at-lafarge-canada-3479255086?refId=f56xY%2FxbqlJe2m3GXMqBOg%3D%3D&trackingId=jlqTm05nIdh%2Fs4YWrBHxeA%3D%3D&position=23&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Why work for Lafarge?  As the global leader in innovative and sustainable building materials, we’re committed to shaping a greener , smarter and healthier world. At Lafarge Canada Inc., safety comes first, collaboration matters and diversity is celebrated with people who share our desire to continually make our materials better.  Do you have the drive, the skills, and the passion to join us?  Overview  The ECAN Aggregate strategy brings significant focus on performance, logistics, and sustainability with the underlying megatrend of digital. The Senior Analyst, Topline data and systems integration is responsible for commercial, logistics and sustainability analysis, reporting, development of cost saving and circular economy efforts including trial and execution of digital solutions, process mechanization and improvement, and supporting operational and business cycle activities such as strategic plan, inventory optimization, and customer portfolio analysis.  Responsibilities  Data Analytics and Optimization of Results  The Senior Analyst, Topline data and systems integration supports the collection, assessment, and interpretation of data from various systems and sources to develop forward looking solutions. This includes analyzing data and articulating results and business drivers, applying statistical methods to uncover underlying trends and improve forecasting techniques, and make data-backed recommendations for business improvements. This may also include inventory planning and optimization activities. Results will be shared with Territory and Commercial Managers in periodic results reviews.  Business Cycle and Strategic Support  The Senior Analyst, Topline data and systems integration will support the Commercial Manager to prepare annual business cycle activities such as the commercial plan, strategic plan, and price reviews. This will include market analysis, benchmarking and competitor / customer analysis, data extraction and analysis, and data-backed recommendations. This role may also support special projects such as reserve position analysis and long term action plans for circular economy growth.  Mechanization and Development of Digital Solutions  The Senior Analyst, Topline data and systems integration will support the mechanization of processes across the region in alignment with the ECAN approach, and will support analysis, trial, execution, training, troubleshooting and analytics of various digital solutions such as TMS, online bidding platforms, reporting and analysis tools, remote dispatch and other innovative digital solutions. This role will also develop and maintain various information systems and databases.  Relationship With Others  Interacts with the market area General Manager, ECAN Commercial Performance manager, area commercial and territory managers, local market Logistics managers and teams, and Procurement. Regular interaction with Lafarge IT team, external software providers, and external haul service providers.  Specific Accountabilities Analytics and Strategy: Complete data gathering, assessment, and interpretation activities and market research, to support the annual business cycle activities such as the commercial plan, strategic plan, and logistics strategy; systems include SAP, APEX, Salesforce, TAC, Qlikview reporting monitors, and others. Leverage data from internal and external sources to uncover trends and articulate business drivers, and leverage statistical techniques to improve forward-looking decisions. Assist commercial team in customer portfolio analysis and optimization including statistical analysis on pricing and elasticity. Assist logistics team with hauler management and route analysis and optimization, zone mapping reviews, as well as TMS implementation and associated data validation, reporting, and geofence management. Develop executive level presentations outlining progress, strategies, recommendations, and ad hoc requests as needed. Complete market research for and champion key sustainability initiatives such as recycled aggregates and emissions reductions. Performance optimization and analysis: Collect data from various systems, analyze, and report on business results, trends, drivers and risks / opportunities. Leverage data to improve forecasting and support business decisions. Complete periodic reviews with Territory and Commercial Managers. Mechanize manual reporting processes and support implementation of various digital solutions and information systems; this may include research, trials, analysis of outcomes, building business cases, and supporting the implementation activities. Support the monthly inventory review to balance production and sales (SPI) and make recommendations to optimize inventory and achieve market targets. Complete carrier performance reviews (safety compliance, margins, etc) Initiate remote dispatch program/trials, train and troubleshoot with weighmasters, and provide analytics. Dimensions  This position reports to the Market General Manager with a dotted line to the ECAN Commercial and Logistics Performance Manager.  Qualifications  Education, Skills & Experience  An undergraduate degree in business, engineering, or construction management, logistics or supply chain management Understanding of digital tools and processes Expert MS Office skills  Competencies  Strong focus on data management and analytics Effective decision making with data backed analysis Results oriented – disciplined and process oriented Excellent people skills – able to develop effective working relationships internally and externally Strong work ethic, willingness to work on a variety of projects and ability to multi-task Ability to work efficiently in a fast paced, dynamic environment and under pressure Strong problem solving skills Effective computer and systems skills  LafargeHolcim  As we are reinventing the way the world builds, we need world-class talent to join our Lafarge Canada team: people who are passionate, driven by curiosity and keen to grow, learn, develop and thrive in our high-performance culture.  Whatever you do, you will make a difference here. Because we know that your passion and curiosity are the natural resources the world needs.  We thank you for your interest. Only candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. Lafarge is committed to the principles of employment equity and encourages the applications from women, visible minorities, and persons with disabilities.  Lafarge Canada Inc. welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. In Ontario, our organization/business is committed to fulfilling our requirements under the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process.  Lafarge Canada is committed to providing a safe environment for employees, customers, contractors and vendors. As such, in keeping with the requirements of our industry associations, partners, and clients across Canada, Lafarge Canada has implemented a COVID-19 vaccination policy intended to reduce the spread of COVID-19. As of October 1st, 2021, all new employees joining Lafarge Canada, subject to any requirement to accommodate pursuant to applicable human rights legislation, must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19."
98,99,2023-03-29,Serco,Customer Service Agent 3 - Brantford - Part Time - Perm - Non Bilingual,Entry level,"Brantford, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/customer-service-agent-3-brantford-part-time-perm-non-bilingual-at-serco-3581276358?refId=f56xY%2FxbqlJe2m3GXMqBOg%3D%3D&trackingId=wHtSQtlEzZpRDLe5vw4cfA%3D%3D&position=24&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"SERCO is offering a $2000 dollar sign-on bonus for this position!  Serco Canada Inc. operates all the DriveTest Centres across Ontario on behalf of the Ministry of Transportation. As a customer service agent with Serco Canada Inc., you will be based out of one of our 56 Ontario DriveTest Centres. If you are a positive and professional team player who enjoys working with the public in a high energy environment, rewarding job opportunities await you at Serco Canada Inc.  Customer service agents are responsible for providing information and assisting members of the public at various stages of the driver’s licensing process. Some of the work includes responding to customer inquiries in person and on the telephone, providing information about licence rules and regulations, verifying driver records, taking applicant photos, scheduling road test appointments, collecting applicable fees, and preparing reports. Customer service agents must have excellent time management and organizational skills and exercise superior judgment skills. We require individuals who can work independently, meet deadlines, and strive to achieve customer satisfaction in all aspects of their work.  Purpose of the Job: Provides information and assistance related to driver examination services. Reviews information, determines test(s) requirements, and conducts/processes transactions and exams inside the DriveTest Centre. Assists in the smooth and efficient administration of examinations, including preparation of test takers entry, invigilating, the distribution of exam materials, and the collection of examinations. Ensures the fair and proper conduct of examinations. Creates a calm, professional, and supportive environment that enables applicants to perform to the best of their abilities. Provides Security Guard Testing (SGT) examination services support.  Primary Duties and Responsibilities: Responds to inquiries related to driver licensing, determines applicant status, and provides information regarding test/re-test procedures and regulations relating to all classes of licences. Distributes and verifies application forms for accuracy and completeness. Investigates problems or errors in licence records and initiates corrections. Captures applicant photos, administers vision tests to ensure minimum requirements are met, and provides referrals to vision specialists. Collects applicable fees accurately. Conducts and processes knowledge tests, dispatches road test appointments, provides results, issues temporary driver’s licences, and processes licensing changes. Identifies licence exchange privileges and/or test requirements for driver’s licence applicants from other countries, provinces, and jurisdictions; assesses foreign licence eligibility, translations, and letters of authentication from other countries. Contacts members of the public to communicate information and correct errors. Administers commercial licence renewals, including accepting medical examination reports and criminal record checks. Escalates customer concerns and redirects customers to other government agencies, when required.  Qualifications  To be successful in this role, you must have: Valid Ontario class “G” of licence is required. Must have at least four (4) years driving experience, verified based on “date first licenced” indicated on the Ontario driver’s licence. 1-4 years of customer service experience in a service environment is preferred to include, but not limited to: Airline Industry Financial Industry Banking Industry Federal and Local Government Services healthcare Industry Must have and maintain an acceptable driving record. May include working on Saturday and Sunday where applicable. Intermediate-level computer skills in Microsoft Office are required. Touch-typing and data entry. Must be able to perform physical duties of the position, this may include sitting or standing for extended periods of time and entering and existing vehicles up to 30 times per shift. Must pass Criminal Record Check (CPIC); Fingerprint Criminal Record Check Employee hours vary based on customer demand and location’s operating hours. This position may require extended shift hours and possibly Saturday hours (depending on location) during certain periods of the year when Drive Test Centre volume is higher. This position requires the attendance of a formal training session, which includes classroom instruction with experienced and qualified trainers and on-the-job shadowing at a Drive Test Centre facilitated by a coach. If you are unsuccessful at any stage of the training, your employment will end effective immediately.  If you are interested in supporting and working with our Customer Service professionals and a passionate Serco team- then submit your application now for immediate consideration. It only takes a few minutes and could change your career! We thank all applicants for their interest. However, only candidates selected for an interview will be contacted.  Serco Canada Inc. an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusive, barrier-free recruitment and selection processes. Consistent with our Values, Serco Canada is committed to providing equitable treatment to all with respect to barrier-free employment and accommodation without discrimination. Serco Canada will provide accommodation for applicants in all aspects of the hiring process. If you have an accommodation need, please contact Human Resources as soon as possible to make appropriate arrangements.  Company Overview  Serco Inc. (Serco) is the Americas division of Serco Group, plc. Serco serves every branch of the U.S. military, numerous U.S. Federal civilian agencies, the Intelligence Community, the Canadian government, state and local governments, and commercial clients. We help our clients deliver vital services more efficiently while increasing the satisfaction of their end customers. Headquartered in Herndon, Virginia, Serco Americas has over 9,000 employees and is part of a $4 billion global business that helps transform government and public services around the world. At Serco, our employees are our most valuable asset - we listen, respect and support them throughout their career at Serco. We invite you to become part of our dynamic team. Serco is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversifying our workforce (Race/ Color/ Sex/ Sexual Orientation/ Gender Identity/ Religion/ National Origin/ Disability/ Vets).  To review Serco benefits please visit: https://www.serco.com/na/careers/benefits-of-choosing-serco .  If you require an accommodation with the application process please email: careers@serco-na.com or call the HR Service Desk at 800-628-6458, option 1. Please note, due to EEOC/OFCCP compliance, Serco is unable to accept resumes by email.  Serco does not accept unsolicited resumes through or from search firms or staffing agencies without being a contracted approved vendor. All unsolicited resumes will be considered the property of Serco and will not be obligated to pay a placement or contract fee. If you are interested in becoming an approved vendor at Serco, please email Agencies@serco-na.com .  COVID-19 Regulations: Serco complies with all applicable COVID-19 requirements. This may require employees to be vaccinated against COVID-19, provide attestations regarding vaccination status and/or COVID-19 testing, or satisfy other conditions of employment that Serco deems appropriate, and employees may be required to show proof of vaccination and/or negative COVID-19 test results as a condition of employment (except in limited circumstances where an employee is legally entitled to an accommodation)."
99,100,2023-04-22,Marwood International Inc.,Stamping Process Specialist - North Division,Entry level,"Tillsonburg, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/stamping-process-specialist-north-division-at-marwood-international-inc-3576898479?refId=f56xY%2FxbqlJe2m3GXMqBOg%3D%3D&trackingId=cnqdfn%2FCLIqeRzMMlcpMhA%3D%3D&position=25&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Location: Tillsonburg, ON  Shifts Available  Straight Shift Days Monday - Thursday 5:45a - 3:45p Straight Shift Afternoons Monday - Thursday 3:45p - 1:45a $40/hr  Why Join Marwood?  Who We Are  Marwood International Inc. is a full service, award-winning, Tier I and 2 automotive OEM structural components and modular assembly supplier, that focuses on waste elimination and light-weighting initiatives from prototypes to full volume products to end of life service parts throughout Canada, US and Japan. Marwood is also a well-established Canadian-owned manufacturing company which have been in the industry for 30+ years! We are community-oriented, and focused on health and wellness.  We are happy to have you join our team!  We Offer  Competitive Pay plus Premiums GREAT Benefits and Perks: dental, medical and vision coverage, as well as outstanding pension plan and more Also, a Signing Bonus!! Due to Marwood's growth you will have an opportunity for over-time after 40 hours!  Apply today to speak with our recruiter!  Your Role and Responsibilities  Responsibilities  Responsible for Marwood wide stamping process improvements (cycle times etc.) Attend die design reviews Test various types of sensors, record and compare data Research sensors for best application Create and install sensor packages for dies Build necessary testing equipment, i.e. test cart for dies Troubleshooting/testing of problematic sensors Organize and order stock, maintain inventory Establish contacts with various sensor companies Create necessary drawings with CAD for sensor blocks, levers, plungers, etc. Work with tool contractors, machine shops and specialty services to develop tool and product prototypes Test functional performance of tooling and parts Research and development of new methods and technology Drive PDCA loops to improve speeds and stop times Eliminate sensor related downtime Report out weekly to management on improvement activities All other relevant duties  Key Requirements  Grade 12 Diploma Recognized Trades License required; preference for dual trade Computer efficiency 2 - 5 years' related experience in Tier I Automotive manufacturing  We are committed to giving people with disabilities an equal opportunity to provide feedback, and access any information they may need. Please advise if you require accommodation.  We would like to thank all candidates for expressing interest however, only those selected for interviews will be contacted. Pre-employment screening will be required.  For more information, please visit our website: www.marwoodinternational.com"
100,101,2023-03-11,Wipro,Lead Administrator,Mid-Senior level,"Delhi, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/lead-administrator-at-wipro-3551119493?refId=m%2FlUesgQ3H7nG34nhs88zA%3D%3D&trackingId=YZi%2FhZqL%2FfXChJp8VRKEIA%3D%3D&position=1&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"   Role Purpose  The purpose of this role is to provide significant technicalexpertise in architecture planning and design of the concerned tower(platform, database, middleware, backup etc) as well as managing itsday-to-day operations  Do  Provide adequate support in architecture planning, migration& installation for new projects in own tower (platform/dbase/middleware/ backup) Lead the structural/ architectural design of a platform/middleware/ database/ back up etc. according to various systemrequirements to ensure a highly scalable and extensiblesolution Conduct technology capacity planning by reviewing the currentand future requirements Utilize and leverage the new features of all underlyingtechnologies to ensure smooth functioning of the installed databases andapplications/ platforms, as applicable Strategize & implement disaster recovery plans and createand implement backup and recovery plans Manage the day-to-day operations of the tower Manage day-to-day operations by troubleshooting any issues,conducting root cause analysis (RCA) and developing fixes to avoidsimilar issues. Plan for and manage upgradations, migration, maintenance,backup, installation and configuration functions for own tower Review the technical performance of own tower and deploy ways toimprove efficiency, fine tune performance and reduce performancechallenges Develop shift roster for the team to ensure no disruption in thetower Create and update SOPs, Data Responsibility Matrices, operationsmanuals, daily test plans, data architecture guidance etc. Provide weekly status reports to the client leadership team,internal stakeholders on database activities w.r.t. progress, updates,status, and next steps Leverage technology to develop Service Improvement Plan (SIP)through automation and other initiatives for higher efficiency andeffectiveness    Team Management Resourcing Forecast talent requirements as per the current and future businessneeds Hire adequate and right resources for the team Train direct reportees to make right recruitment and selectiondecisions Talent Management Ensure 100% compliance to Wipro’s standards of adequateonboarding and training for team members to enhance capability &effectiveness Build an internal talent pool of HiPos and ensure their careerprogression within the organization Promote diversity in leadership positions Performance Management Set goals for direct reportees, conduct timely performance reviewsand appraisals, and give constructive feedback to direct reports. Ensure that organizational programs like Performance Nxt are wellunderstood and that the team is taking the opportunities presented bysuch programs to their and their levels below Employee Satisfaction and Engagement Lead and drive engagement initiatives for the team Track team satisfaction scores and identify initiatives to buildengagement within the team Proactively challenge the team with larger and enriching projects/initiatives for the organization or team Exercise employee recognition and appreciation    Stakeholder Interaction     Stakeholder Type  Stakeholder Identification  Purpose of Interaction  Internal  Technology Solutions Group, BU Teams, Different Infrastructureteams  Understanding requirements, planning and status updates,maintenance and back up, issue resolution etc.    IRMC, QA  Guidance on risk mitigation and quality standards  External  Clients  Understanding requirements, planning and status updates,maintenance and back up, issue resolution etc.    Vendors/ Manufacturers  Development and deployment of platforms, applications, databasesetc.        Display     Lists the competencies required to perform this role effectively:  Functional Competencies/ Skill Technical Knowledge - Knowledge of own tower (platform,application, database etc) - Expert Domain Knowledge - Understanding of IT industry and itstrends - Competent to Expert    Competency Levels  Foundation  Knowledgeable about the competency requirements. Demonstrates (inparts) frequently with minimal support and guidance.  Competent  Consistently demonstrates the full range of the competencywithout guidance. Extends the competency to difficult and unknownsituations as well.  Expert  Applies the competency in all situations and is serves as a guideto others as well.  Master  Coaches others and builds organizational capability in thecompetency area. Serves as a key resource for that competency and isrecognised within the entire organization.     Behavioral Competencies Managing Complexity Client centricity Execution Excellence Passion for Results Team Management Stakeholder Management    Deliver     No.  Performance Parameter  Measure  1.  Operations of the tower  SLA adherence  Knowledge management  CSAT/ Customer Experience  Identification of risk issues and mitigation plans  Knowledge management  2.  New projects  Timely delivery  Avoid unauthorised changes  No formal escalations   "
101,102,2023-04-10,Shoppers Drug Mart,Pharmacy Assistant,Entry level,"Tillsonburg, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/pharmacy-assistant-at-shoppers-drug-mart-3564484589?refId=m%2FlUesgQ3H7nG34nhs88zA%3D%3D&trackingId=HUbvmnPGXKe6eICFrUf2kQ%3D%3D&position=2&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Location:  200 Broadway St, Unit A1, Tillsonburg, Ontario, N4G 5A7  Join a locally owned and operated store to help deliver health, beauty and convenience services in your community, and keep the customer at the centre of everything you do.  Why this role is important?  SUMMARY:  To assist with the technical functions of dispensing prescriptions, assist as appropriate in the delivery of pharmacy services and participate in the maintenance and operations of the Pharmacy as described by the Pharmacy Standards of Practice, and to provide superior, timely, and pleasant service to customers.  DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:  Customer Service Greet customer promptly and gather prescription information according to Standards Perform duties in priority according to Role assigned on Role Assignment Schedule Refer to the pharmacist all clinical inquiries Set realistic customer expectations as to wait times Locate and cash out prescriptions and any ancillary items Ensure customers requiring counseling are referred to the Pharmacist Maintain and control the cash register in the dispensary Adhere to all confidentiality and privacy requirements  Administration:  Receive new and repeat prescription orders in accordance with Standard Operating Procedures Prepare and submit orders with the exception, of controlled drugs and narcotics Adjudicate third party billing, online and manage manual Third-Party Accounts Answer telephone and refer to a pharmacist when necessary Manage incoming faxes according to Pharmacy Standards of Practice Assist pharmacist in coordinating call backs Accurately file completed documentation as per Pharmacy Standards of Practice  Prescription Workflow:  Assist in prescription preparation to company's standards and professional services Data entry for new prescriptions, and managing refill request processing Select medications to fill prescriptions according to Pharmacy Standards of Practice Efficiently count or measure, package, and label prescriptions, as per Pharmacy Standards Accurately enter and maintain appropriate data within the applicable Pharmacy systems  Skills & Qualifications:  High School Diploma Diploma from a Pharmacy Assistant credited course preferred Previous Pharmacy Experience preferred Effective organizational skills, ability to multi task Problem Solving Skills Strong attention to detail  J2WRXA  Why work in a Shoppers Drug Mart store?  Each store has an Associate-Owner, so you will work for a local business owner while having the support of a national brand. Benefit from a purchase discount program, flexible and varied schedules, competitive pay and online learning through Academy.  Take ownership of your work and find more ways to care about your patients, co-workers, customers and community.  Associate Owners in the Shoppers Drug Mart network recognize Canada's diversity as an opportunity to better serve their communities, and strive to reflect the nation’s evolving diversity in the products they sell, the people they hire, and the culture they create in their stores. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants and colleagues with disabilities.  In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us."
102,103,2023-04-10,Shoppers Drug Mart,Pharmacy Assistant,Entry level,"Tillsonburg, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/pharmacy-assistant-at-shoppers-drug-mart-3564480961?refId=m%2FlUesgQ3H7nG34nhs88zA%3D%3D&trackingId=0hYsiDNK8eQZvWqTKTLurA%3D%3D&position=3&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Location:  200 Broadway St, Unit A1, Tillsonburg, Ontario, N4G 5A7  Join a locally owned and operated store to help deliver health, beauty and convenience services in your community, and keep the customer at the centre of everything you do.  Why this role is important?  SUMMARY:  To assist with the technical functions of dispensing prescriptions, assist as appropriate in the delivery of pharmacy services and participate in the maintenance and operations of the Pharmacy as described by the Pharmacy Standards of Practice, and to provide superior, timely, and pleasant service to customers.  DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:  Customer Service Greet customer promptly and gather prescription information according to Standards Perform duties in priority according to Role assigned on Role Assignment Schedule Refer to the pharmacist all clinical inquiries Set realistic customer expectations as to wait times Locate and cash out prescriptions and any ancillary items Ensure customers requiring counseling are referred to the Pharmacist Maintain and control the cash register in the dispensary Adhere to all confidentiality and privacy requirements  Administration:  Receive new and repeat prescription orders in accordance with Standard Operating Procedures Prepare and submit orders with the exception, of controlled drugs and narcotics Adjudicate third party billing, online and manage manual Third-Party Accounts Answer telephone and refer to a pharmacist when necessary Manage incoming faxes according to Pharmacy Standards of Practice Assist pharmacist in coordinating call backs Accurately file completed documentation as per Pharmacy Standards of Practice  Prescription Workflow:  Assist in prescription preparation to company's standards and professional services Data entry for new prescriptions, and managing refill request processing Select medications to fill prescriptions according to Pharmacy Standards of Practice Efficiently count or measure, package, and label prescriptions, as per Pharmacy Standards Accurately enter and maintain appropriate data within the applicable Pharmacy systems  Skills & Qualifications:  High School Diploma Diploma from a Pharmacy Assistant credited course preferred Previous Pharmacy Experience preferred Effective organizational skills, ability to multi task Problem Solving Skills Strong attention to detail  J2WRXA  Why work in a Shoppers Drug Mart store?  Each store has an Associate-Owner, so you will work for a local business owner while having the support of a national brand. Benefit from a purchase discount program, flexible and varied schedules, competitive pay and online learning through Academy.  Take ownership of your work and find more ways to care about your patients, co-workers, customers and community.  Associate Owners in the Shoppers Drug Mart network recognize Canada's diversity as an opportunity to better serve their communities, and strive to reflect the nation’s evolving diversity in the products they sell, the people they hire, and the culture they create in their stores. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants and colleagues with disabilities.  In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us."
103,104,2023-04-05,Wipro,Lead Administrator,Mid-Senior level,"Delhi, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/lead-administrator-at-wipro-3551116830?refId=m%2FlUesgQ3H7nG34nhs88zA%3D%3D&trackingId=KSbioVPsKEL6iWqft5lL5Q%3D%3D&position=4&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"   Role Purpose  The purpose of this role is to provide significant technicalexpertise in architecture planning and design of the concerned tower(platform, database, middleware, backup etc) as well as managing itsday-to-day operations  Do  Provide adequate support in architecture planning, migration& installation for new projects in own tower (platform/dbase/middleware/ backup) Lead the structural/ architectural design of a platform/middleware/ database/ back up etc. according to various systemrequirements to ensure a highly scalable and extensiblesolution Conduct technology capacity planning by reviewing the currentand future requirements Utilize and leverage the new features of all underlyingtechnologies to ensure smooth functioning of the installed databases andapplications/ platforms, as applicable Strategize & implement disaster recovery plans and createand implement backup and recovery plans Manage the day-to-day operations of the tower Manage day-to-day operations by troubleshooting any issues,conducting root cause analysis (RCA) and developing fixes to avoidsimilar issues. Plan for and manage upgradations, migration, maintenance,backup, installation and configuration functions for own tower Review the technical performance of own tower and deploy ways toimprove efficiency, fine tune performance and reduce performancechallenges Develop shift roster for the team to ensure no disruption in thetower Create and update SOPs, Data Responsibility Matrices, operationsmanuals, daily test plans, data architecture guidance etc. Provide weekly status reports to the client leadership team,internal stakeholders on database activities w.r.t. progress, updates,status, and next steps Leverage technology to develop Service Improvement Plan (SIP)through automation and other initiatives for higher efficiency andeffectiveness    Team Management Resourcing Forecast talent requirements as per the current and future businessneeds Hire adequate and right resources for the team Train direct reportees to make right recruitment and selectiondecisions Talent Management Ensure 100% compliance to Wipro’s standards of adequateonboarding and training for team members to enhance capability &effectiveness Build an internal talent pool of HiPos and ensure their careerprogression within the organization Promote diversity in leadership positions Performance Management Set goals for direct reportees, conduct timely performance reviewsand appraisals, and give constructive feedback to direct reports. Ensure that organizational programs like Performance Nxt are wellunderstood and that the team is taking the opportunities presented bysuch programs to their and their levels below Employee Satisfaction and Engagement Lead and drive engagement initiatives for the team Track team satisfaction scores and identify initiatives to buildengagement within the team Proactively challenge the team with larger and enriching projects/initiatives for the organization or team Exercise employee recognition and appreciation    Stakeholder Interaction     Stakeholder Type  Stakeholder Identification  Purpose of Interaction  Internal  Technology Solutions Group, BU Teams, Different Infrastructureteams  Understanding requirements, planning and status updates,maintenance and back up, issue resolution etc.    IRMC, QA  Guidance on risk mitigation and quality standards  External  Clients  Understanding requirements, planning and status updates,maintenance and back up, issue resolution etc.    Vendors/ Manufacturers  Development and deployment of platforms, applications, databasesetc.        Display     Lists the competencies required to perform this role effectively:  Functional Competencies/ Skill Technical Knowledge - Knowledge of own tower (platform,application, database etc) - Expert Domain Knowledge - Understanding of IT industry and itstrends - Competent to Expert    Competency Levels  Foundation  Knowledgeable about the competency requirements. Demonstrates (inparts) frequently with minimal support and guidance.  Competent  Consistently demonstrates the full range of the competencywithout guidance. Extends the competency to difficult and unknownsituations as well.  Expert  Applies the competency in all situations and is serves as a guideto others as well.  Master  Coaches others and builds organizational capability in thecompetency area. Serves as a key resource for that competency and isrecognised within the entire organization.     Behavioral Competencies Managing Complexity Client centricity Execution Excellence Passion for Results Team Management Stakeholder Management    Deliver     No.  Performance Parameter  Measure  1.  Operations of the tower  SLA adherence  Knowledge management  CSAT/ Customer Experience  Identification of risk issues and mitigation plans  Knowledge management  2.  New projects  Timely delivery  Avoid unauthorised changes  No formal escalations   "
104,105,2023-04-04,Wipro,Lead Administrator,Mid-Senior level,"Delhi, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/lead-administrator-at-wipro-3549604293?refId=m%2FlUesgQ3H7nG34nhs88zA%3D%3D&trackingId=%2Bv8Y3PBSc7OXYuDWlUgojQ%3D%3D&position=5&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"   Role Purpose  The purpose of this role is to provide significant technicalexpertise in architecture planning and design of the concerned tower(platform, database, middleware, backup etc) as well as managing itsday-to-day operations  Do  Provide adequate support in architecture planning, migration& installation for new projects in own tower (platform/dbase/middleware/ backup) Lead the structural/ architectural design of a platform/middleware/ database/ back up etc. according to various systemrequirements to ensure a highly scalable and extensiblesolution Conduct technology capacity planning by reviewing the currentand future requirements Utilize and leverage the new features of all underlyingtechnologies to ensure smooth functioning of the installed databases andapplications/ platforms, as applicable Strategize & implement disaster recovery plans and createand implement backup and recovery plans Manage the day-to-day operations of the tower Manage day-to-day operations by troubleshooting any issues,conducting root cause analysis (RCA) and developing fixes to avoidsimilar issues. Plan for and manage upgradations, migration, maintenance,backup, installation and configuration functions for own tower Review the technical performance of own tower and deploy ways toimprove efficiency, fine tune performance and reduce performancechallenges Develop shift roster for the team to ensure no disruption in thetower Create and update SOPs, Data Responsibility Matrices, operationsmanuals, daily test plans, data architecture guidance etc. Provide weekly status reports to the client leadership team,internal stakeholders on database activities w.r.t. progress, updates,status, and next steps Leverage technology to develop Service Improvement Plan (SIP)through automation and other initiatives for higher efficiency andeffectiveness    Team Management Resourcing Forecast talent requirements as per the current and future businessneeds Hire adequate and right resources for the team Train direct reportees to make right recruitment and selectiondecisions Talent Management Ensure 100% compliance to Wipro’s standards of adequateonboarding and training for team members to enhance capability &effectiveness Build an internal talent pool of HiPos and ensure their careerprogression within the organization Promote diversity in leadership positions Performance Management Set goals for direct reportees, conduct timely performance reviewsand appraisals, and give constructive feedback to direct reports. Ensure that organizational programs like Performance Nxt are wellunderstood and that the team is taking the opportunities presented bysuch programs to their and their levels below Employee Satisfaction and Engagement Lead and drive engagement initiatives for the team Track team satisfaction scores and identify initiatives to buildengagement within the team Proactively challenge the team with larger and enriching projects/initiatives for the organization or team Exercise employee recognition and appreciation    Stakeholder Interaction     Stakeholder Type  Stakeholder Identification  Purpose of Interaction  Internal  Technology Solutions Group, BU Teams, Different Infrastructureteams  Understanding requirements, planning and status updates,maintenance and back up, issue resolution etc.    IRMC, QA  Guidance on risk mitigation and quality standards  External  Clients  Understanding requirements, planning and status updates,maintenance and back up, issue resolution etc.    Vendors/ Manufacturers  Development and deployment of platforms, applications, databasesetc.        Display     Lists the competencies required to perform this role effectively:  Functional Competencies/ Skill Technical Knowledge - Knowledge of own tower (platform,application, database etc) - Expert Domain Knowledge - Understanding of IT industry and itstrends - Competent to Expert    Competency Levels  Foundation  Knowledgeable about the competency requirements. Demonstrates (inparts) frequently with minimal support and guidance.  Competent  Consistently demonstrates the full range of the competencywithout guidance. Extends the competency to difficult and unknownsituations as well.  Expert  Applies the competency in all situations and is serves as a guideto others as well.  Master  Coaches others and builds organizational capability in thecompetency area. Serves as a key resource for that competency and isrecognised within the entire organization.     Behavioral Competencies Managing Complexity Client centricity Execution Excellence Passion for Results Team Management Stakeholder Management    Deliver     No.  Performance Parameter  Measure  1.  Operations of the tower  SLA adherence  Knowledge management  CSAT/ Customer Experience  Identification of risk issues and mitigation plans  Knowledge management  2.  New projects  Timely delivery  Avoid unauthorised changes  No formal escalations   "
105,106,2023-04-24,Merkle EMEA,Client Engagement - Manager,Mid-Senior level,"Delhi, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/client-engagement-manager-at-merkle-emea-3427458748?refId=m%2FlUesgQ3H7nG34nhs88zA%3D%3D&trackingId=zWqVhPcsz%2FQ4ca%2Fs%2Fyn%2B5Q%3D%3D&position=6&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Company Description:  Merkle is a leading data-driven, technology-enabled, global performance marketing agency that specializes in the delivery of unique, personalized customer experiences across platforms and devices. For more than 30 years, Fortune 1000 companies and leading nonprofit organizations have partnered with Merkle to maximize the value of their customer portfolios. The agency’s heritage in data, technology, and analytics forms the foundation for its unmatched skills in understanding consumer insights that drive people-based marketing strategies. Its combined strengths in performance media, customer experience, customer relationship management, loyalty, and enterprise marketing technology drive improved marketing results and competitive advantage. With 4,400+ employees, Merkle is headquartered in Columbia, Maryland, with additional offices in the US, Europe, and Asia. In 2016, the agency joined the Dentsu Aegis Network.  Job Description:  Are you an experienced media professional or a young business leader curious about the ever-evolving digital industry? Are you a versatile marketeer with a flair for solving business problems? Do you aspire to fast track your career growth to become a young business leader? If the answer is an emphatic YES!, this opportunity is for you.  Merkle Sokrati, India’s leading Digital Marketing and Analytics firm, is looking for a motivated professional to become part of its young Client Engagement Team that would spearhead the organization towards the next level of growth. This individual will build strong relationships & deliver great performance for some of today’s most well-known brands which are our largest clients.  We are looking to hire for our Pune team to handle Media planning, engagement and growth for key accounts.  Qualifications:  Build thorough understanding of client’s brand, business, brand, customers and competitive landscape and provide strategic guidance in building requisite digital marketing initiatives. Establish and maintain client relationships including client communication, report delivery, project management and strategy development. Collaborate with cross functional teams of analysts and technologists to implement and deliver on client commitments. Good at pitching to the client and commanding respect in the room. Manage projects and be worrying about their completion. Do annual planning & strategy preparation for the assigned clientele.  Additional Information:  You should have at least 4 years of experience and have worked with a start-up or an agency in an operations/ account management/ engagement role. You have prior experience into Digital Marketing and understanding of Media channels like Google, Social Media, Programmatic buying, etc. You have strong project management skills including demonstrated ability to think end-to-end, manage long-term projects and manage multiple projects simultaneously. You are exceptional at problem-solving, analytical skills and business understanding. You are great at articulating your thoughts and presenting a clear well-defined structure. You need to be a great negotiator of solution and commercials. Love Digital Marketing and everything around it. And most importantly, LOVE customers & strive for every inch of their satisfaction.  Apply Now"
106,107,2023-03-29,Zafin,Senior Manager - Demand Generation - SaaS/B2B,Mid-Senior level,"Delhi, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/senior-manager-demand-generation-saas-b2b-at-zafin-3581591474?refId=m%2FlUesgQ3H7nG34nhs88zA%3D%3D&trackingId=2w1ipw1JoOc7RQbThZArZg%3D%3D&position=7&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Senior Manager, Demand Generation – SaaS/B2B  Reporting to the Director, Marketing Operations, you will manage and execute demand generating activities that drive quality leads to accelerate the sales pipeline, increase the effectiveness of our conversion funnel, nurture leads and drive revenue.  In this hands-on role, you will plan and execute integrated marketing campaigns that captures, and nurtures marketing leads across multiple channels. Balancing priorities and translating data into compelling stories and reports will be among your most special skills.  Email is an integral channel in building the Zafin brand, nurturing target audiences, showcasing thought leadership and building brand loyalty with clients and prospects. This role will be involved in every step of  the engagement lifecycle from ideation to implementation to analysis. If you’re self-motivated and excited by scaling a global financial technology business, sweat the smallest details, understand what it takes to develop great  creative work, excel in cross-discipline collaboration, and have a passion for inspiring team members - then this is the perfect job for you  Location: The role can be based in either the Delhi Area or Trivandrum  What will you do?  Design and execute multi-channel demand and lead generation campaigns that are aligned to target audiences and sales objectives to support pipeline and revenue growth. Work closely with cross-functional teams to conceive impactful campaigns tailored for specific audiences, markets, and geographies that improve conversion rates. Manage lead and prospective client data in Salesforce / Marketo including email lists, segmentation, dynamic lists, forms, engagement studio, scoring and automation programs. Oversee all email-related activities both manual and automated including newsletters product announcements, onboarding emails, triggered messages, event invitations, etc. and monitor responses while helping to ensure departmental compliance with GDRP. Build and scale email nurture / re-engage programs in Hubspot to drive responses and push qualified leads further down the funnel for conversion. Monitor and report campaign performance with granular tracking across relevant KPI’s. Translate data into stories helping stakeholders understand the “why” behind the “what” Evolve our lead capture and lead scoring program and processes in partnership with regional sales leaders Build and pull complete profiles that meet firmographic, demographic, and psychographic data points to implement 1:1 and 1:few ABM programs that achieve quarterly goals. Collaborate with creative, digital and product marketing to create and optimize landing pages, build sales enablement material and digital campaign assets leveraging SEM and SEO strategies including defining keywords, messaging, A/B testing and CTA/conversion. Grow distribution across all digital channels – owned and earned. Ensure that content reaches the right part of the sales funnel at the right time in the buyer journey. Leverage data analytics to measure and improve the performance of demand generation efforts. Make recommendations on areas to improve marketing effectiveness through better audience segmentation, marketing techniques, and processes Participate in and contribute to regular marketing operations and departmental meetings. Deliver campaign results and review departmental dashboard.  What do you need to succeed?  Bachelor’s degree in Business, Marketing, or a related field. 8+ years’ experience in developing and executing B2B multi-channel demand generation and ABM campaigns for a SaaS technology business. Excellent understanding of the sales funnel and of digital marketing best practices & principles across multiple channels. Strong experience with integrated campaign management and driving marketing tactics that generate quality leads within the target segments and accelerate sales pipeline. Deep knowledge of A/B testing, conversion optimization, and performance analytics. Proven track record of building and launching customer acquisition marketing campaigns and new outbound channels from the ground up and successfully scaling them. Proficient in marketing automation solutions (eg. Marketo, Hubspot) and webinar platforms Advanced MS Excel and Salesforce, HTML and WordPress an asset. Superior ability to structure and present data in a compelling and convincing fashion, strong writing, presentation, and project management skills. Thrive on the ability to keep a real-time pulse on campaigns, continually interpret and apply findings to optimize performance. Capable of managing multiple priorities in parallel and meeting hard deadlines. Meticulous attention to detail as there will be an element of administration duties, data cleansing, technical reviews and KPI reporting. Analytical thinking with the ability to turn data into actionable insights and effective paid media strategies Working in a fast-paced start-up environment and a high degree of comfort with ambiguity. Ability to collaborate widely with internal and external partners with professional and effective communication skills (verbal, written and presentation) Channeling your high-energy, team-first attitude to succeed in an ever-changing environment to help our growing business  What you can expect from Zafin  Frictionless culture Openness and willingness to acquire top talent to work alongside with Direct feedback We are outcome-focused We challenge, we have smart people that build high-impact and complex banking technology platforms that’s one of the best in the industry.  About Zafin  We are the platform that powers innovation for market-leading banks by enabling unlimited product and pricing combinations, fueled by sophisticated data, that empowers financial institutions to evolve as quickly as their customers do. From some of the worlds largest banks to digital-first neobanks and credit unions, financial institutions that want to stay competitive need to bring personalized products, offers and relationship-based pricing solutions to market faster – and with less risk – than ever before.  Zafin’s product, pricing and capital markets platform solves for existing and emerging opportunities. We seamlessly execute complex pricing, billing, and analytics problems by uncovering data sourced from every corner of the bank – from retail and mortgage to SME, commercial and corporate lines of business – and turn it into new product and pricing possibilities, all in Zafin’s dynamic core-agnostic platform.  Learn more about Zafin HERE"
107,108,2023-04-28,Stoakley-Stewart Consultants Ltd.,Production Supervisor (Printing),Mid-Senior level,"Brantford, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/production-supervisor-printing-at-stoakley-stewart-consultants-ltd-3557144845?refId=m%2FlUesgQ3H7nG34nhs88zA%3D%3D&trackingId=s0RHmv2Pqyr6hHdkBATqxQ%3D%3D&position=8&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Job ID: 202523  Position Description As the Production Supervisor you will:  Ensure safety and that all established regulations within the workplace are adhered to Ensure production objective requirements are met on a daily basis Act as a mentor to employees and facilitate continuous improvement in performance Work in conjunction with other departments View production schedule on a daily basis, in order to schedule manning requirements by production. Meet and surpass all set quality standards and efficiency standards Conduct team and safety meetings on a monthly basis Communicate company policies and procedures for a safe and clean plant operation Train employees in job duties, safety procedures and company policies Resolve work problems and recommend measures to improve productivity and product quality Prepare production and other reports Ensure that production data is presented in an accurate and timely basis  Experience 3-5 years’ experience within print environment 3-5 years’ experience within plant supervisor role 3-5 years’ experience with finishing/press production  Qualifications Leadership, coaching, flexibility, and adaptability required Experience working with press operators, finishing operators, maintenance and production personnel in print or packaging environments  Additional Information Job Type - Permanent, Full-Time Industries - Printing Job Categories - Manufacturing/Production/Operations Manages Others - No Required Travel - No Relocation Assistance - No  Learn More About the Recruiter Andrew Schofield is at the forefront of industry staffing solutions in the Canadian Media, Print & Packaging Industry as it evolves through Corporate Merger Acquisition, Product Development, or Technological Advancement. He is regarded as an industry insider resource by Employers & Employees for career enhancement beyond traditional job application forums. With his industry-focused portfolio Andrew joins Stoakley-Stewart Consultants to continue his career success.  How to Apply Please click on the “Apply” button located elsewhere on this job posting (preferred) or email your resume to: Schofield@Stoakley.com  About Stoakley-Stewart Consultants Stoakley-Stewart Consultants Ltd. is an Executive Search/Recruiting firm with an impressive domestic presence and strong international reach. We opened our doors in 1977 and have grown to be one of the most successful employment agencies in Canada. We house a team of top-notch consultants, each acting as a subject matter expert in their chosen field. As a result we provide professional recruiting services to clients and candidates in a variety of industries, functions and geographies. This expansive breadth of experience allows us, as a firm, to successfully satisfy all of your hiring/employment needs. In accordance with Canadian laws, it is the policy of Stoakley-Stewart Consultants to consider all qualified individuals for available positions without regard to race, colour, religion, sexual orientation, country of origin, age, disability etc.  What are we known for and how do we help? Helping talented professionals secure new, exciting and rewarding career opportunities Treating each unique individual with professionalism, respect and integrity Meeting your distinct needs by matching you with the right corporate culture  Privacy Policy Our Corporate systems comply with the provisions of the Personal Information Protection and Electronics Documents Act (“PIPEDA”) which became effective January 1, 2004.  Consent Policy By you (“the applicant”) submitting your resumé and/or personal information here, grant Stoakley-Stewart Consultants Ltd. (“SSC”) the right to use personal data for recruitment and selection purposes. The applicant understands that the applicant’s personal information is only collected, used and disclosed by SSC in accordance with this form or otherwise as permitted by law. The applicant authorizes SSC to collect, use and disclose their personal information in order to attempt to assist them in gaining employment with of one of SSC’s clients. For this purpose and as part of this process, the applicant authorizes SSC to take a number of steps, typically including, but not necessarily limited to Obtaining their resumé and references (and any updates thereof); Interviewing them; Producing a video-clip of them; Speaking with their references; Verifying information and performing other searches and checks, done either by SSC or by an independent agency on behalf of SSC; Evaluating information about the applicant to analyze their suitability to potential positions; Disclosing any information about the applicant as provided by the applicant, by references and by other sources to any present or future client of SSC who, based on the applicant’s qualifications, work requirements, desires and other factors and determined solely in the discretion of SSC, has or may have a position to which the applicant is or may be suited. The applicant understands that SSC will not disclose their information to a present or future client without speaking to the applicant first and receiving the applicant’s verbal consent."
108,109,2023-03-08,LifeLabs Medical Laboratory Services,"Lab Patient Technician - Part-Time - Simcoe, ON",Entry level,"Port Dover, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/lab-patient-technician-part-time-simcoe-on-at-lifelabs-medical-laboratory-services-3508863179?refId=m%2FlUesgQ3H7nG34nhs88zA%3D%3D&trackingId=dZGzGclIwnYP2D1KR9jifA%3D%3D&position=9&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"LifeLabs is the largest community diagnostics laboratory in Canada, serving the healthcare needs of Canadians for over 50 years. Our team members are truly centred around our customers, and we know that behind every lab requisition, sample being tested, or investment in technology is an individual and their family counting on us.  Consistently named one of Canada's Best Employers by Forbes, LifeLabs has also been recognized for having an award-winning Mental Health Program from Benefits Canada. The passion and commitment of over 6,000 diverse and innovative team members unites and motivates us to ensure our customers receive high quality tests and results that they can trust. Agile, customer-centred, caring and teamwork: we live these values every day in what we do to support our customers and healthcare providers, driving forward our vision of empowering a healthier you .  Make a difference – join the LifeLabs team today!  Do you want to help improve patients’ healthcare outcomes? Now you can. LifeLabs Medical Laboratory Services is a proud Canadian company with over 50 years’ experience. We provide laboratory testing services that help healthcare providers diagnose, treat, monitor and prevent disease in patients. LifeLabs is currently looking for a Lab Patient Technician to join our team in Simcoe, Ontario.  As a Lab Patient Technician, you will be responsible for the specimen collection process, from greeting patients through to preparation of specimens for transportation. This is an important role in patient care and our business and will let you see the difference that you make in patients’ lives. This is a part-time role suitable for an individual with a flexible schedule and includes the opportunity to pick up additional shifts at other LifeLabs locations.  NOTE: We are seeking individuals who will serve as our customer's primary point of contact. and will own the customer experience from start to finish. A strong self-starter who is comfortable taking initiative and who is a keen problem solver with the ability to think on their feet.  The successful candidate must have flexible availability to work various shifts between Monday – Saturday.  In This Role You Will Greet and request required information from patients, explain the specimen collection process, and ensure patients have followed necessary test protocol prior to specimen collection. Perform phlebotomies, connect/disconnect Holter monitors, and perform ECG tracings. Perform special test collections, such as medical/legal drug screens, paternity tests, and clinical trials, and complete related documentation. Maintain client relationships, including responding to inquiries and following up on requests. Complete data entry of required patient demographics, requisition information, and other information related to processing test results. Prepare specimens for transportation and testing. Other Requirements Include  The right person for this role will be focused on great customer/patient service and be able to relate to patients and clients even in stressful situations. Some key qualities include empathy, flexibility, adaptability to change, and problem-solving skills. Graduate of an approved Laboratory Assistant program or equivalent. Phlebotomy experience. Excellent communication skills. Good computer skills with a minimum typing speed of 40 wpm. Ability to maintain the strictest standards of patient privacy and confidentiality. We are looking for passionate individuals who share in the importance of our values: Caring, Customer Driven, Agile and One Team and can live these values with us every day.  Ready to make a difference? Apply today.  At LifeLabs, we strive to create an inclusive and equitable workplace where our team members and the communities we serve feel accepted, valued, and respected.  In accordance with LifeLabs’ Accessibility Policy , the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, and the Ontario Human Rights Code, accommodations are available by request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the recruitment and selection process. For a confidential inquiry or to request an accommodation, please contact your recruiter or email careers@lifelabs.com .  LifeLabs is committed to providing a safe environment for our employees, customers, and the communities we serve. We have been a leader throughout the COVID-19 pandemic regarding health and safety measures and have always put our employees and customers at the center of every decision that we make. As an organization in the health care sector, we believe the COVID vaccination adds a layer of protection that complements the extensive and necessary health and safety protocols that we have taken to date. With this in mind, we currently require all LifeLabs employees, contractors, students and volunteers to be fully vaccinated.  LifeLabs operates under a distributed workforce model, where employee flexibility is a key priority. Further information will be provided during the interview process on what this means for employees."
109,110,2023-04-07,Stoakley-Stewart Consultants Ltd.,Print Pressman (Digital Large Format),Not Applicable,"Brantford, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/print-pressman-digital-large-format-at-stoakley-stewart-consultants-ltd-3557525657?refId=m%2FlUesgQ3H7nG34nhs88zA%3D%3D&trackingId=KUOkYrJZaYYQ7nQn4bOSRw%3D%3D&position=10&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Brantford, ON  Job ID 202524  Position Description  In this role, you would be responsible for  Efficient operation of press equipment and ensuring on-time, high quality and high quantity production. Performing safe set-up, operation and routine maintenance of the press or associated equipment Following quality and safety standards at all times.  Experience  Minimum 3-5 years’ experience working with Digital Large Format press.  QUALIFICATIONS  Must be a team player with excellent interpersonal skills Must be able to work with deadlines and schedules  Additional Information  Date Posted April 6, 2023  Job Type Permanent, Full-Time  Industries Printing  Job Categories Skilled Trades  Manages Others No  Required Travel No  Relocation Assistance No  Learn More About the Recruiter  Andrew Schofield  Andrew is at the forefront of industry staffing solutions in the Canadian Media, Print & Packaging Industry as it evolves through Corporate Merger Acquisition, Product Development, or Technological Advancement. He is regarded as an industry insider resource by Employers & Employees for career enhancement beyond traditional job application forums. With his industry-focused portfolio Andrew joins Stoakley-Stewart Consultants to continue his career success.  How to Apply  Please click on the “Apply” button located elsewhere on this job posting (preferred) or email your resume to  Schofield@Stoakley.com  About Stoakley-Stewart Consultants  Stoakley-Stewart Consultants Ltd. is an Executive Search/Recruiting firm with an impressive domestic presence and strong international reach. We opened our doors in 1977 and have grown to be one of the most successful employment agencies in Canada. We house a team of top-notch consultants, each acting as a subject matter expert in their chosen field. As a result we provide professional recruiting services to clients and candidates in a variety of industries, functions and geographies. This expansive breadth of experience allows us, as a firm, to successfully satisfy all of your hiring/employment needs. In accordance with Canadian laws, it is the policy of Stoakley-Stewart Consultants to consider all qualified individuals for available positions without regard to race, colour, religion, sexual orientation, country of origin, age, disability etc.  Click here to view ALL of our open jobs.  What are we known for and how do we help?  Helping talented professionals secure new, exciting and rewarding career opportunities Treating each unique individual with professionalism, respect and integrity Meeting your distinct needs by matching you with the right corporate culture  Privacy Policy  Our Corporate systems comply with the provisions of the Personal Information Protection and Electronics Documents Act (“PIPEDA”) which became effective January 1, 2004. Click here to view our complete Privacy Policy.  Consent Policy  By you (“the applicant”) submitting your resumé and/or personal information here, grant Stoakley-Stewart Consultants Ltd. (“SSC”) the right to use personal data for recruitment and selection purposes. The applicant understands that the applicant’s personal information is only collected, used and disclosed by SSC in accordance with this form or otherwise as permitted by law. The applicant authorizes SSC to collect, use and disclose their personal information in order to attempt to assist them in gaining employment with of one of SSC’s clients. For this purpose and as part of this process, the applicant authorizes SSC to take a number of steps, typically including, but not necessarily limited to Obtaining their resumé and references (and any updates thereof); Interviewing them; Producing a video-clip of them; Speaking with their references; Verifying information and performing other searches and checks, done either by SSC or by an independent agency on behalf of SSC; Evaluating information about the applicant to analyze their suitability to potential positions; Disclosing any information about the applicant as provided by the applicant, by references and by other sources to any present or future client of SSC who, based on the applicant’s qualifications, work requirements, desires and other factors and determined solely in the discretion of SSC, has or may have a position to which the applicant is or may be suited. The applicant understands that SSC will not disclose their information to a present or future client without speaking to the applicant first and receiving the applicant’s verbal consent.  Follow Us for the Latest Jobs, Career Advice and Job Market Trends"
110,,2023-04-26,Scout HR Solutions,Quality Assurance Technician,Full-time,"Woodstock, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/quality-assurance-technician-at-scout-hr-solutions-3580550262?refId=m%2FlUesgQ3H7nG34nhs88zA%3D%3D&trackingId=U0pi8YjjxZEK%2Fjfk088j6Q%3D%3D&position=11&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Our client, a well-established producer and distributor of heavy equipment in the Woodstock ON area is currently seeking to add an experienced Quality Assurance Technician to their team for a direct hire role.  The ideal candidate will be an enthusiastic, hardworking team player with a keen eye for detail.   Duties and Responsibilities: o   Developing and maintaining company inspection reports o   Inspecting goods or products according to quality and safety standards o   Interacting with vendors to address supplier quality concerns o   Managing and maintaining the supplier corrective action process o   Work with Engineering, Fabrication and Assembly personnel to identify and take action on internal quality concerns o   Reporting supplier and Internal quality metrics to management o   Collating test data and drafting quality reports o   Identifying possible areas for improvement in quality control processes  Skills, Experience and Requirements: ·       Minimum 3 years of relevant experience within a quality role, working knowledge of heavy equipment environment an asset ·       Relevant post-secondary education in Quality Engineering, or a combination of experience and education  ·       Solid experience with Continuous Improvement methodologies ·       Competence with MS Office products (Excel, Word, PowerPoint) ·       High-level of visual awareness ·       Advanced organizational skills ·       Experience drafting reports and collating data ·       Ability to work alone with minimal supervision ·       Ability to analyze and interpret technical information    This awesome direct hire opportunity offers an overall competitive compensation package with a salary range of $63,000 to $74,000 DOE, straight day shift, excellent health benefits, RRSP matching program, excellent company culture within a stable industry, and location close to the 401/403 for commuters.    If you feel you meet the requirements, apply today!"
111,112,2023-04-25,Upfield,"Manufacturing Environmental, Health & Safety Lead",Not Applicable,"Brantford, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/manufacturing-environmental-health-safety-lead-at-upfield-3572381857?refId=m%2FlUesgQ3H7nG34nhs88zA%3D%3D&trackingId=zmrQGdz8M16NbqNlCfAs1g%3D%3D&position=12&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Location: On-site at 10 Craig Street, Brantford  Salary: Pay up to $125,000  About The Position  You must have previous experience working at a manufacturing facility within the EHS scope. This is not an occupational EHS role.  As the Environmental, Health, Safety and Security Lead you will be responsible for providing leadership and oversight for the site in charge establishing strong working relationships with site leadership team and employees in order to foster an EHS culture of excellence. The site EHS manager supports and facilitates the implementation of EHS management system designed to assure compliance with corporate and regulatory requirements and ensures the business keeps in front of leading practices in health, workplace and behavioral safety, environment, and security.  Implement an environment, health and safety management system based Upfield Global programs. Support safety leadership development and act as a coach on the behavior-based program Ensure the site maintains Up To Date environment operating permits and link with 3rd parties as needed, In collaboration with the site team, complete annual review of Health, Safety and environment program and advises on EHS site-specific plans by gathering and presenting information such as data on accident history, and audit results/findings, and maintaining information in the EHS database. Oversee incident reporting and investigation process and facilitate, root cause analysis and the development of effective action plans for incidents as needed and act as a coach for leaders on the process. Advise on CAPEX projects and conduct reviews to ensure EHS aspects are integrated to the scope of work. Review and follow up with site leadership to ensure corporate programs are implemented and action plans are executed. Prepare and conduct periodic occupational health and safety sites audits and ensure that all corrective actions are executed. Supports the delivery of selected EHS training Conduct regulation follow-up, analysis, and work with the site to ensure compliance. Oversee the wastewater treatment plant performance and provide guidance to address non-compliances  So what does it take to be successful in this role?  Sound knowledge on environmental, health and safety management (ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001). Knowledge of health and safety regulations. Knowledge of wastewater treatment plants. Excellent teamwork, Communication, Interpersonal and influencing Skills - able to work with leadership teams at different sites and other stakeholders across Canada to achieve project goals. Good knowledge of the major risks such as machine safety, lockout/tagout, confined space, powered industrial trucks, work at Height, chemical management, and ergonomics. Good knowledge of major environment risks. Training in incident investigation and root cause is an asset. Knowledge of laws, regulations, theory and case law on safety and the Association of Canadian Standards (CSA). Updated knowledge of changes and innovations in Environment, health and safety. Strong Analytical Thinker - collect, understand, and interpret information in order to make recommendations for improving policies or procedures. Technological Skills – strong working knowledge of systems such as Microsoft Word, Excel and Outlook. Time Management Skills - ability to balance and prioritize numerous deadlines with excellent organizational skills. Attention to Detail – ability to maintain the integrity of the data but ensuring its accuracy and presenting it in a clear and concise manner.  What’s Next  If this position sounds interesting, please hit the apply button now!  We understand your resume might not be up to date, we recommend that you apply with what you have or your LinkedIn Profile. Upfield is dedicated to building an inclusive and diverse workplace, we understand that you might not hit all the requirements stated in the description, but we encourage you to apply anyway. You might be the right candidate for this role or other roles.  You will receive an email notification once we have reviewed your application with next steps.  Upfield is an employer committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace and equal opportunities for all. We recruit based only on values, qualifications, performance, skills, behaviours, experience, and knowledge. We ensure job advertisements are free from unintentional bias.  No personal characteristics should be a barrier to joining Upfield. We prohibit discrimination and harassment based on race, color, sex, religion, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, genetic information, pregnancy, or other personal characteristics."
112,113,2023-04-24,Shoppers Drug Mart,Pharmacy Assistant,Entry level,"Woodstock, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/pharmacy-assistant-at-shoppers-drug-mart-3584537788?refId=m%2FlUesgQ3H7nG34nhs88zA%3D%3D&trackingId=LgzU2HoSyaulH6VD712P1g%3D%3D&position=13&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Location:  959 Dundas St E, Woodstock, Ontario, N4S 1H2  Join a locally owned and operated store to help deliver health, beauty and convenience services in your community, and keep the customer at the centre of everything you do.  Why this role is important?  SUMMARY:  To assist with the technical functions of dispensing prescriptions, assist as appropriate in the delivery of pharmacy services and participate in the maintenance and operations of the Pharmacy as described by the Pharmacy Standards of Practice, and to provide superior, timely, and pleasant service to customers.  DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:  Customer Service Greet customer promptly and gather prescription information according to Standards Perform duties in priority according to Role assigned on Role Assignment Schedule Refer to the pharmacist all clinical inquiries Set realistic customer expectations as to wait times Locate and cash out prescriptions and any ancillary items Ensure customers requiring counseling are referred to the Pharmacist Maintain and control the cash register in the dispensary Adhere to all confidentiality and privacy requirements  Administration:  Receive new and repeat prescription orders in accordance with Standard Operating Procedures Prepare and submit orders with the exception, of controlled drugs and narcotics Adjudicate third party billing, online and manage manual Third-Party Accounts Answer telephone and refer to a pharmacist when necessary Manage incoming faxes according to Pharmacy Standards of Practice Assist pharmacist in coordinating call backs Accurately file completed documentation as per Pharmacy Standards of Practice  Prescription Workflow:  Assist in prescription preparation to company's standards and professional services Data entry for new prescriptions, and managing refill request processing Select medications to fill prescriptions according to Pharmacy Standards of Practice Efficiently count or measure, package, and label prescriptions, as per Pharmacy Standards Accurately enter and maintain appropriate data within the applicable Pharmacy systems  Skills & Qualifications:  High School Diploma Diploma from a Pharmacy Assistant credited course preferred Previous Pharmacy Experience preferred Effective organizational skills, ability to multi task Problem Solving Skills Strong attention to detail  J2WRXA  Why work in a Shoppers Drug Mart store?  Each store has an Associate-Owner, so you will work for a local business owner while having the support of a national brand. Benefit from a purchase discount program, flexible and varied schedules, competitive pay and online learning through Academy.  Take ownership of your work and find more ways to care about your patients, co-workers, customers and community.  Associate Owners in the Shoppers Drug Mart network recognize Canada's diversity as an opportunity to better serve their communities, and strive to reflect the nation’s evolving diversity in the products they sell, the people they hire, and the culture they create in their stores. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants and colleagues with disabilities.  In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us."
113,114,2023-04-24,Shoppers Drug Mart,Pharmacy Assistant,Entry level,"Woodstock, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/pharmacy-assistant-at-shoppers-drug-mart-3584537787?refId=m%2FlUesgQ3H7nG34nhs88zA%3D%3D&trackingId=dEibXlAS8Nm%2FyAJKA1s5fg%3D%3D&position=14&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Location:  959 Dundas St E, Woodstock, Ontario, N4S 1H2  Join a locally owned and operated store to help deliver health, beauty and convenience services in your community, and keep the customer at the centre of everything you do.  Why this role is important?  SUMMARY:  To assist with the technical functions of dispensing prescriptions, assist as appropriate in the delivery of pharmacy services and participate in the maintenance and operations of the Pharmacy as described by the Pharmacy Standards of Practice, and to provide superior, timely, and pleasant service to customers.  DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:  Customer Service Greet customer promptly and gather prescription information according to Standards Perform duties in priority according to Role assigned on Role Assignment Schedule Refer to the pharmacist all clinical inquiries Set realistic customer expectations as to wait times Locate and cash out prescriptions and any ancillary items Ensure customers requiring counseling are referred to the Pharmacist Maintain and control the cash register in the dispensary Adhere to all confidentiality and privacy requirements  Administration:  Receive new and repeat prescription orders in accordance with Standard Operating Procedures Prepare and submit orders with the exception, of controlled drugs and narcotics Adjudicate third party billing, online and manage manual Third-Party Accounts Answer telephone and refer to a pharmacist when necessary Manage incoming faxes according to Pharmacy Standards of Practice Assist pharmacist in coordinating call backs Accurately file completed documentation as per Pharmacy Standards of Practice  Prescription Workflow:  Assist in prescription preparation to company's standards and professional services Data entry for new prescriptions, and managing refill request processing Select medications to fill prescriptions according to Pharmacy Standards of Practice Efficiently count or measure, package, and label prescriptions, as per Pharmacy Standards Accurately enter and maintain appropriate data within the applicable Pharmacy systems  Skills & Qualifications:  High School Diploma Diploma from a Pharmacy Assistant credited course preferred Previous Pharmacy Experience preferred Effective organizational skills, ability to multi task Problem Solving Skills Strong attention to detail  J2WRXA  Why work in a Shoppers Drug Mart store?  Each store has an Associate-Owner, so you will work for a local business owner while having the support of a national brand. Benefit from a purchase discount program, flexible and varied schedules, competitive pay and online learning through Academy.  Take ownership of your work and find more ways to care about your patients, co-workers, customers and community.  Associate Owners in the Shoppers Drug Mart network recognize Canada's diversity as an opportunity to better serve their communities, and strive to reflect the nation’s evolving diversity in the products they sell, the people they hire, and the culture they create in their stores. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants and colleagues with disabilities.  In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us."
114,115,2023-04-22,Marwood International Inc.,CMM/Laser Scanner Programmer/Operator,Entry level,"Tillsonburg, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/cmm-laser-scanner-programmer-operator-at-marwood-international-inc-3577101249?refId=m%2FlUesgQ3H7nG34nhs88zA%3D%3D&trackingId=cqLSuq5akyMLKqi7ZB93MQ%3D%3D&position=15&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Location: Tillsonburg, ON  Shift Available: Day Shift,  Why Join Marwood  Who We Are  Marwood International Inc. is a full service, award-winning, Tier I and 2 automotive OEM structural components and modular assembly supplier, that focuses on waste elimination and light-weighting initiatives from prototypes to full volume products to end of life service parts throughout Canada, US and Japan. Marwood is also a well-established Canadian owned manufacturing company which have been in the industry for 30+ years! We are community oriented, and focused on health and wellness.  We are happy to have you join our team!  We Offer  Competitive Pay plus premiums GREAT benefits and Perks: dental, medical and vision coverage, as well as outstanding pension plan and more Also, company provided uniforms!  Apply today to speak with our recruiter!  Responsibilities  Your Role and Responsibilities  Coordinate inspection requirements for plant & customer needs with advanced quality and production group(s) Develop the required CMM/Scanner programs to conduct full dimensional part layouts and capability studies with appropriate reports for PPAP submissions based off customer/internal requirements Provide CMM/Scanner verifications/statistical analysis to support problem investigations Create and maintain proper documentation of inspection results Maintain CMM/Scanner in good working condition and perform validation checks during and after machine use Perform inspection using a variety of other precision measurement equipment (i.e. micrometers, height gauge, calipers, indicators, etc.) to ensure conformance to specifications Conduct annual dimensional part layouts and capability studies on current parts as required Verify dimensional accuracy of tooling and check fixtures to the design and drawing specifications as required Maintain weekly and monthly reporting metrics All other relevant duties as directed Other tasks as assigned by the Director/Manager of quality to meet customer requirements  Key Requirements  Grade 12, GED, or equivalent 2+ years previous technical experience operating CMM's, scanners or 3D scanners Extensive knowledge of GD& T, Blueprint & CAD data interpretation 5 years related experience in Tier 1 Automotive manufacturing 3 years' experience with stamping, welding and assembly processes Computer efficiency and systems knowledge in all required areas (i.e. MCOSMOS, Windows, Excel, Word, Polyworks)  We are committed to giving people with disabilities an equal opportunity to provide feedback, and access any information they may need. Please advise if you require accommodation.  We would like to thank all candidates for expressing interest however, only those selected for interviews will be contacted. Pre-employment screening will be required.  For more information, please visit our website: www.marwoodinternational.com"
115,116,2023-04-20,eTeam,Java Springboot Developer,Entry level,"Ontario tobacco belt, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/java-springboot-developer-at-eteam-3571248750?refId=m%2FlUesgQ3H7nG34nhs88zA%3D%3D&trackingId=ZTR7krekFxVX1m2margRtg%3D%3D&position=16&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Designing and integrating RESTful APIs using Java (preferred) or python Experience coding secure and scalable customer impacting features using Java, python, or multi-threading experience is ideal Architecture and software design experience using design patterns and microservices Configuration and setup experience with RDBMS and other data storage solutions ( SQL database, database for PostgreSQL, and Redis) Experience with designing, reading from and writing to multiple types of persistent data storage; SQL, NoSQL, and file systems Log-diving... should know what to log, logging levels and how to quickly traverse through log files and logging systems while troubleshooting Cloud awareness on AWS stack Experience in all facets of DevOps (AWS CloudWatch, CodeCommit, CodeBuild, and CodeDeploy) Knowledge of container technologies such as Docker, Docker Swarm, and Kubernetes Good written, spoken, and visual communication skills"
116,117,2023-04-15,Intelcom,Operations Customer Service Representative,Associate,"Brantford, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/operations-customer-service-representative-at-intelcom-3438952254?refId=m%2FlUesgQ3H7nG34nhs88zA%3D%3D&trackingId=PJqVSIsuiF9bHW8Q9VQbWg%3D%3D&position=17&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Ride the next mile with us!  Intelcom is a company committed to the continuous improvement and optimization of its services to its employees, partners and customers. Customer Service Representative are essential employees who ensure the seamless running of our delivery business. We are currently looking for full-time Customer Service Representative to support our growth!  What is a typical work day?  Have strong communication skills both written and oral: Liaise with the Operations Superviser while assisting customers and delivery drivers by phone and email to ensure deliveries are completed on time.Greet customers who come to pick up their parcel at the delivery center. Have great organization skills: scan and manage parcel returns. Comfortable with a computer: Data entry, report production and use of internal system. Ability to manage stress: know how to manage different types of situations. Be diligent: ensure the cleanliness of workplaces to ensure that they are always presentable. Follow the occupational health and safety rules in force.  What do you need to be successful?  Have at least 2 years of customer service experience, ideally in a warehouse environment (asset). Have a good knowledge of the Office 365 suite. Communicates well in French and/or English.  Still interested? Read on, it's almost done!  Why choose Intelcom?  Excellent growth and development opportunities. You’ll work with committed, motivated and efficient teams, in a safe and inclusive work environment. This is a full-time opportunity at 40 hours per week,days and hours are to be confirmed.  If this job interests you, send us your application and we’ll get in touch with you as soon as possible.  Intelcom is a fast-growing Canadian company in the e-commerce delivery sector. Our teams across the country and our network of delivery partners contribute to the success of our day-to-day activities.  Our goal is simple: in a constantly evolving business sector, we do not just follow. We are getting ahead and we stand out with innovative delivery services and methods.  Intelcom uses a business model that promotes trust in our business partners to handle the delivery side of our operations. This allows us to focus on other aspects of our services such as the development of technological tools that optimize the work of our employees and thus support our drive for continuous improvement.  At Intelcom, we seek to hire individuals with diverse characteristics, backgrounds and perspectives. We firmly believe that world-class talent makes no distinction with respect to gender, ethnic or national origin, sexual identity and orientation, age, religion or deficiency, but rather is enriched by these differences.  In order to ensure the health and well-being of its employees, partners and customers, Intelcom has implemented strict measures to contain the spread of Covid-19 and is committed to supporting local public health officials and different governments in their efforts. Wearing a mask is mandatory at all times in the warehouse."
117,,2023-04-17,Sidhant Dhingra And Associates,"Accounting & Tally Internship in Delhi, Shahdara at Sidhant Dhingra And Associates",Internship,"Delhi, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/accounting-tally-internship-in-delhi-shahdara-at-sidhant-dhingra-and-associates-at-sidhant-dhingra-and-associates-3573922768?refId=m%2FlUesgQ3H7nG34nhs88zA%3D%3D&trackingId=CGHOs6xddYAOzgnSsWDA%2BA%3D%3D&position=18&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"About Sidhant Dhingra And Associates  Sidhant Dhingra & Associates is a leading full-service law firm based in New Delhi, India. Established in the year 2016, the firm consists of eminent lawyers each specializing in their respective fields. Each one of them has proved themselves in the most competitive environment with a solution-oriented approach. The firm provides high-quality comprehensive litigation, nonlitigation, and legal compliance solutions to its clients in India and Abroad. The firm has built up a skilled team of lawyers across India capable of undertaking a wide variety of legal matters.  At Sidhant Dhingra & Associates, we engage in all key aspects of civil law and criminal law practice including all areas of corporate and commercial work, property and related litigation, and arbitration.  Activity on Internshala  Hiring since April 2022  9 opportunities posted  2 candidates hired  About The Internship  Selected intern's day-to-day responsibilities include:  Work on data entry Work on Microsoft Excel Work on Tally prime  Skill(s) required  Tally  Earn certifications in these skills  Learn Tally  Learn Financial modeling valuation  Learn Personal Finance  Learn Stock Market Trading  Learn Business Analytics  Who can apply  Only Those Candidates Can Apply Who  are available for full time (in-office) internship can start the internship between 14th Apr'23 and 19th May'23 are available for duration of 4 months have relevant skills and interests  Perks  Certificate  Number of openings  2  Additional Questions  Sign up to continue  Sign up/ Login with Google  OR  Email  Password  First Name  Last Name  By signing up, you agree to our Terms and Conditions .  Already registered? Login  Sign up to continue  Sign up/ Login with Google  OR  Email  Password  First Name  Last Name  By signing up, you agree to our Terms and Conditions .  Already registered? Login"
118,119,2023-04-27,Merkle EMEA,Manager - Client Engagement,Mid-Senior level,"Delhi, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/manager-client-engagement-at-merkle-emea-3559512436?refId=m%2FlUesgQ3H7nG34nhs88zA%3D%3D&trackingId=MHK1NfH7e5lHUJER43B0SA%3D%3D&position=19&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Company Description:  Merkle is a leading data-driven, technology-enabled, global performance marketing agency that specializes in the delivery of unique, personalized customer experiences across platforms and devices. For more than 30 years, Fortune 1000 companies and leading nonprofit organizations have partnered with Merkle to maximize the value of their customer portfolios. The agency’s heritage in data, technology, and analytics forms the foundation for its unmatched skills in understanding consumer insights that drive people-based marketing strategies. Its combined strengths in performance media, customer experience, customer relationship management, loyalty, and enterprise marketing technology drive improved marketing results and competitive advantage. With 4,400+ employees, Merkle is headquartered in Columbia, Maryland, with additional offices in the US, Europe, and Asia. In 2016, the agency joined the Dentsu Aegis Network.  Job Description:  Are you an experienced media professional or a young business leader curious about the ever-evolving digital industry? Are you a versatile marketeer with a flair for solving business problems? Do you aspire to fast track your career growth to become a young business leader? If the answer is an emphatic YES!, this opportunity is for you.  Merkle Sokrati, India’s leading Digital Marketing and Analytics firm, is looking for a motivated professional to become part of its young Client Engagement Team that would spearhead the organization towards the next level of growth. This individual will build strong relationships & deliver great performance for some of today’s most well-known brands which are our largest clients.  We are looking to hire for our Pune team to handle Media planning, engagement and growth for key accounts.  Qualifications:  Build thorough understanding of client’s brand, business, brand, customers and competitive landscape and provide strategic guidance in building requisite digital marketing initiatives. Establish and maintain client relationships including client communication, report delivery, project management and strategy development. Collaborate with cross functional teams of analysts and technologists to implement and deliver on client commitments. Good at pitching to the client and commanding respect in the room. Manage projects and be worrying about their completion. Do annual planning & strategy preparation for the assigned clientele.  Additional Information:  You should have at least 4 years of experience and have worked with a start-up or an agency in an operations/ account management/ engagement role. You have prior experience into Digital Marketing and understanding of Media channels like Google, Social Media, Programmatic buying, etc. You have strong project management skills including demonstrated ability to think end-to-end, manage long-term projects and manage multiple projects simultaneously. You are exceptional at problem-solving, analytical skills and business understanding. You are great at articulating your thoughts and presenting a clear well-defined structure. You need to be a great negotiator of solution and commercials. Love Digital Marketing and everything around it. And most importantly, LOVE customers & strive for every inch of their satisfaction.  Apply Now"
119,,2023-04-14,VON Canada (Ontario),Clinical Education Manager (TFT 1.0),Mid-Senior level,"Brantford, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/clinical-education-manager-tft-1-0-at-von-canada-ontario-3570237634?refId=m%2FlUesgQ3H7nG34nhs88zA%3D%3D&trackingId=JGhQJLe3LiC2fH5f%2Fk7%2Bfw%3D%3D&position=20&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Requisition Details:  Employment Status: Temporary, Full Time (1.0 FTE)  Program Name: eHomecare  Number of Hours Bi-Weekly: 75  Work Schedule: Days  Anticipated End Date: June 2023  On Call: Yes  Job Summary:  The Clinical Education Manager provides leadership in clinical and professional practice education. The incumbent oversees and directs the provision of quality and client centred care. The Clinical Education Manager proactively assesses and determines education programming for regulated/unregulated roles, is responsible for performance evaluation of clinical staff, develops learning plans, and delivers and evaluates practice education in support of the goals and objectives of the Organization.  Key Responsibilities:  Client Service Delivery/Human Resource Management  Provides leadership support to the District Executive Director/Senior Manager in areas of clinical professional practice, evidence-based practice, staff performance management and performance improvement. Conducts needs assessments to determine practice education requirements, develops programming to meet recognized needs and sets priorities in support of Organizational goals and objectives. Ensures core competencies required by clinical staff are identified, developed and maintained in both regulated and unregulated staff. Develops practice education programs in collaboration with other VON Clinical Education Managers in order to ensure a standardized approach to practice education. Participates in all aspects of the employee life-cycle for regulated and unregulated clinical roles, including recruitment, performance management and disciplinary action, up to and including termination. Evaluates the effectiveness of existing practice education programs and revises content as appropriate. Develops an integrated practice education program supporting service delivery across lines of business. Provides clinical guidance to front line staff to integrate the adoption of new knowledge, information and best practice into care delivery. Observes and assesses clinical staff performance. Utilizes patient and family experience data to guide performance improvements. Oversees and supports staff in the development of individual learning plans and performance improvement where gaps have been identified. Evaluates and assesses the clinical practice of regulated and unregulated clinical staff in accordance with practice standards, VON policy, relevant legislation and college regulations, where applicable. Promotes excellence in clinical care delivery through evidence-based practice decision making and a spirit of inquiry and just culture. Contributes to the development, delivery and evaluation of regional practice education.  Business and Financial Management  Contributes to the development and implementation of quality improvement activities to achieve performance targets. Supports business and professional service delivery goals of the Organization by working collaboratively with Program Managers to ensure cost effective nursing, home support and community support services and programs are provided to individuals, families and the communities.  Organization Leadership/Business Program and Community  Works cross functionally with IT, Finance, Client Services, Occupational Health & Safety, HR, and Practice, Quality & Risk to maximize front line care delivery. Develops relationships, partnerships and alliances internally within the organization and externally the community to ensure currency, and relevancy of practice education material. May participate on any local, regional or national team or committees as required, desired or requested. Examples include, Quality Care and Service, Joint Occupational Health and Safety, Accreditation, Recruitment and Retention. Promotes a learning environment for staff and professional development.  Common Responsibilities  Promotes the goals and values of VON and their role as an integrated community care provider Promotes a safe and healthy workplace ensuring workplace conduct and activities are in accordance with the provincial Occupational Health and Safety Act and Regulations. Abides by all VON policies and work practices Abides by all confidentiality and protection of personal information policies, regulations and practices and ensures appropriate safeguards are in place within their role Works in collaboration with other staff in a team approach to service delivery  External and Internal Relationships:  As assigned by Site or District Executive Director/Senior Manager, and may include but are not limited to:  Client Organizations – LHIN committees/working groups, District Health Authorities, Ministries of Health Community health, social and service agencies. Post-secondary educational institutions  Education, Designations and Experience:  Bachelor’s Degree in Nursing (BScN, BN) is required or equivalent; Masters is preferred Current registration with provincial nursing regulatory body Minimum 5 years of recent, relevant clinical nursing experience Experience in a homecare setting is an asset Certificate or experience in Gerontology Adult education certificate/diploma or additional education in adult education preferred Experience in developing education program and support materials A strong understanding of education theories and frameworks, practical application and knowledge transfer Experience in providing clinical education utilizing adult education principles and evidence-based practice Experience with wound care, IV therapy, and palliative care CNA certification preferred CAPSE, HOSPICE Care certification preferred Knowledge of skin and wound management is considered an asset  Skill Requirements:  Demonstrated commitment to working in an environment with high confidentiality and discretion. Strong management skills and the ability to lead, motivate and support both a core and an extended team of staff and volunteers. Superior interpersonal skills including the ability to relate effectively with people at all levels (internal and external). Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Able to work both independently and within a team. Strong organizational skills with an ability to prioritize and multi-task. Must demonstrate strong attention to detail. Ability to adjust to rapidly changing priorities. Creative thinking skills.  Other:  Must have personal vehicle and possess both a current driver’s license and proof of vehicle insurance. A current and original copy of a satisfactory Criminal Records Check. A Vulnerable Sector Search and/or Child Abuse Registry Check may be required. Ability to speak French is an asset in French Designated areas. The use of Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) may be required  Work Conditions and Physical Capabilities: fast-paced environment; attention to detail; lift and carry using appropriate lifting techniques; walk, sit, stand, and climb stairs; grip and fine hand movements.  VON Canada is committed to meeting the needs of persons with disabilities and to providing accessibility accommodations for candidates who require them. If you are in need of accessibility support, please visit our website at http://www.von.ca/en/accessibility for further details."
120,121,2023-04-06,Sonoco,Shipper Helper,Entry level,"Brantford, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/shipper-helper-at-sonoco-3552658148?refId=m%2FlUesgQ3H7nG34nhs88zA%3D%3D&trackingId=jvU68VFU%2F9qC8Wm6HuWmqA%3D%3D&position=21&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"To view this page and job application in French, please change your language setting in the top right corner of the page (by clicking the global icon).  Pour afficher cette page et votre candidature en français, veuillez modifier votre paramètre de langue dans le coin supérieur droit de la page (en cliquant sur l'icône globale).  The Company is committed to fair and accessible employment recruiting practices that attract and retain employees with disabilities. This includes providing accessibility at all stages of the employment cycle.  $26.87 per hour  Monday to Friday (Days)  Responsible to the Paper Mill Shipper Lead Hand/Mill Supervisor, the Shipper Helper is responsible for the safe and efficient performance of all duties, while controlling raw materials received and stock control. All employees are mandated to create a zero-injury environment and engage actively in all areas of SPS.  Responsibilities  Perform safe and efficient operation of a Lift truck Assist in loading and unloading of trucks and trailers Assist in shipping as directed Back up Lead Hand when required Accurate completion of all paperwork and data entry Placement of product in warehouse Use computer programs to compile accurate information and/or reports Coordinate changes/adjustments that will affect team member’s areas of responsibility Participate and adhere to safety culture and report unsafe conditions Maintain good housekeeping standards  Requirements  Possess a valid forklift operator’s license Knowledge of customer loading patterns on trailer Computer skills i.e., Microsoft Office programs General math skills RF Scanner experience would be an asset Class A-Z License would be desirable Ability to perform physical requirements of the job Are 18 years of age or older Have Grade 12 education or equivalent  Sonoco values diversity and is an equal opportunity employer. We strictly prohibit and do not tolerate discrimination against employees, applicants or any other covered persons because of: race; ancestry; place of origin; ethnic origin; citizenship; creed/religious beliefs; sex (including pregnancy); sexual orientation; gender identity; gender expression; age; record of offences; family status; marital status; receipt of public assistance and disability (or any other ground protected by applicable laws and legislation). Sonoco is committed to providing employment accommodations and accessibility at all stages of the employment cycle."
121,122,2023-04-04,Shoppers Drug Mart,Cashier,Entry level,"Tillsonburg, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/cashier-at-shoppers-drug-mart-3556989193?refId=m%2FlUesgQ3H7nG34nhs88zA%3D%3D&trackingId=Lxun5JL8lzcz1B581uz7fQ%3D%3D&position=22&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Location:  200 Broadway St, Unit A1, Tillsonburg, Ontario, N4G 5A7  Join a locally owned and operated store to help deliver health, beauty and convenience services in your community, and keep the customer at the centre of everything you do.  Why this role is important?  SUMMARY:  Maintain excellent customer service and checkout area  DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:  CUSTOMER SERVICE:  Provides excellent customer service and positively engages with all customers Maintains a neat and organized checkout area Greets all customers and displays warm demeanor Accurately scans or enters product data Accurately accounts for cash and coupon, lottery, and PC Optimum Asks for customer’s PC Optimum Card during each transaction  MERCHANDISING:  Ensures proper documentation completed with respect to customers receipt and return of goods Merchandises and maintains designated areas (i.e., facing, signing, labeling, etc)  LOSS PREVENTION:  Ensures loss prevention Standards are followed Controls cash, lottery, and stamp inventory  GENERAL:  Presents proper image to the public in accordance with Uniform Policy and Dress Code Guidelines Complies with all health and safety regulations Complies with all store policies and procedures Ensures the standards of housekeeping and image are maintained Perform other duties as required  QUALIFICATIONS:  Planning, Judgement and Decision Making Balance teamwork and efficiency in processing the customer order Organization and neatness Efficiency in processing the customer order  EXPERIENCE:  Strong computer and register skills Well organized with the ability to record keep Detail oriented  J2WRTL  Why work in a Shoppers Drug Mart store?  Each store has an Associate-Owner, so you will work for a local business owner while having the support of a national brand. Benefit from a purchase discount program, flexible and varied schedules, competitive pay and online learning through Academy.  Take ownership of your work and find more ways to care about your patients, co-workers, customers and community.  Associate Owners in the Shoppers Drug Mart network recognize Canada's diversity as an opportunity to better serve their communities, and strive to reflect the nation’s evolving diversity in the products they sell, the people they hire, and the culture they create in their stores. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants and colleagues with disabilities.  In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us."
122,123,2023-04-28,Stoakley-Stewart Consultants Ltd.,Senior Accountant (Manufacturing),Mid-Senior level,"Brantford, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/senior-accountant-manufacturing-at-stoakley-stewart-consultants-ltd-3557148364?refId=m%2FlUesgQ3H7nG34nhs88zA%3D%3D&trackingId=RHEK4cJcdf9x9w81HThjSg%3D%3D&position=23&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Job ID: 202521  Position Description As the Senior Accountant (Manufacturing) you will oversee all financial matters within our client’s manufacturing facility and assist senior management with decisions and cost initiatives.  Lead costing process, analyze monthly manufacturing cost variances in production and inventory Increase profit improvement initiatives working closely with management and production teams. Reviews, investigates, and corrects errors and inconsistencies in financial entries, documents, and reports. Oversee preparation/review of capital expenditures Oversee client billing and transactional processes Oversee month end closes, year-end audits, and annual operating budgets Oversee Payroll, AP, AR  Experience 5-10 years’ experience in a senior accounting role in manufacturing  Qualifications Detail oriented, reliable, dependable, adaptable to change, team collaborator Excellent communication, relationship building and conflict resolution skills Business judgment, decision-making, Ingenuity and creative problem solving skills Good project management skills, work for a team effort, independently Analytical, results oriented, continually improve processes  Education Bachelor’s degree in Accounting/Finance or a related field CPA Designation (CMA, CGA)  Additional Information Job Type - Permanent, Full-Time Industries - Printing Job Categories - Finance/Accounting Manages Others - No Required Travel - No Relocation Assistance - No  Learn More About the Recruiter Andrew Schofield is at the forefront of industry staffing solutions in the Canadian Media, Print & Packaging Industry as it evolves through Corporate Merger Acquisition, Product Development, or Technological Advancement. He is regarded as an industry insider resource by Employers & Employees for career enhancement beyond traditional job application forums. With his industry-focused portfolio Andrew joins Stoakley-Stewart Consultants to continue his career success.  How to Apply Please click on the “Apply” button located elsewhere on this job posting (preferred) or email your resume to: Schofield@Stoakley.com  About Stoakley-Stewart Consultants Stoakley-Stewart Consultants Ltd. is an Executive Search/Recruiting firm with an impressive domestic presence and strong international reach. We opened our doors in 1977 and have grown to be one of the most successful employment agencies in Canada. We house a team of top-notch consultants, each acting as a subject matter expert in their chosen field. As a result we provide professional recruiting services to clients and candidates in a variety of industries, functions and geographies. This expansive breadth of experience allows us, as a firm, to successfully satisfy all of your hiring/employment needs. In accordance with Canadian laws, it is the policy of Stoakley-Stewart Consultants to consider all qualified individuals for available positions without regard to race, colour, religion, sexual orientation, country of origin, age, disability etc.  What are we known for and how do we help? Helping talented professionals secure new, exciting and rewarding career opportunities Treating each unique individual with professionalism, respect and integrity Meeting your distinct needs by matching you with the right corporate culture  Privacy Policy Our Corporate systems comply with the provisions of the Personal Information Protection and Electronics Documents Act (“PIPEDA”) which became effective January 1, 2004.  Consent Policy By you (“the applicant”) submitting your resumé and/or personal information here, grant Stoakley-Stewart Consultants Ltd. (“SSC”) the right to use personal data for recruitment and selection purposes. The applicant understands that the applicant’s personal information is only collected, used and disclosed by SSC in accordance with this form or otherwise as permitted by law. The applicant authorizes SSC to collect, use and disclose their personal information in order to attempt to assist them in gaining employment with of one of SSC’s clients. For this purpose and as part of this process, the applicant authorizes SSC to take a number of steps, typically including, but not necessarily limited to Obtaining their resumé and references (and any updates thereof); Interviewing them; Producing a video-clip of them; Speaking with their references; Verifying information and performing other searches and checks, done either by SSC or by an independent agency on behalf of SSC; Evaluating information about the applicant to analyze their suitability to potential positions; Disclosing any information about the applicant as provided by the applicant, by references and by other sources to any present or future client of SSC who, based on the applicant’s qualifications, work requirements, desires and other factors and determined solely in the discretion of SSC, has or may have a position to which the applicant is or may be suited. The applicant understands that SSC will not disclose their information to a present or future client without speaking to the applicant first and receiving the applicant’s verbal consent."
123,124,2023-04-28,Stoakley-Stewart Consultants Ltd.,Sales Representative (Print),Associate,"Brantford, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/sales-representative-print-at-stoakley-stewart-consultants-ltd-3557145654?refId=m%2FlUesgQ3H7nG34nhs88zA%3D%3D&trackingId=QBX2MPbKo20bo%2BZcVCNt%2FA%3D%3D&position=24&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Job ID: 202522  Company Description Our client, an industry-leading print manufacturer, fosters an environment of creative thinkers who are customer focused and passionate on driving results. Innovative thinking and creativity are the foundation to providing value-added, and solutions-oriented success, within the printing industry.  Position Description As a self-motivated Print Sales Representative your role will be responsible for managing existing accounts, up-selling, finding new business and growing the business moving forward. To be successful in this position you must have professional sales experience, proven presentation skills, excellent communication and interpersonal skills and the ability to research new business opportunities.  Experience 5+ years of print industry sales experience  Qualifications Solutions oriented Excellent communication Great organizational skills  Additional Information Job Type - Permanent, Full-Time Industries - Printing Job Categories - Sales | Marketing Manages Others - No Required Travel - Some Relocation Assistance - No  Learn More About the Recruiter Andrew Schofield is at the forefront of industry staffing solutions in the Canadian Media, Print & Packaging Industry as it evolves through Corporate Merger Acquisition, Product Development, or Technological Advancement. He is regarded as an industry insider resource by Employers & Employees for career enhancement beyond traditional job application forums. With his industry-focused portfolio Andrew joins Stoakley-Stewart Consultants to continue his career success.  How to Apply Please click on the “Apply” button located elsewhere on this job posting (preferred) or email your resume to: Schofield@Stoakley.com  About Stoakley-Stewart Consultants Stoakley-Stewart Consultants Ltd. is an Executive Search/Recruiting firm with an impressive domestic presence and strong international reach. We opened our doors in 1977 and have grown to be one of the most successful employment agencies in Canada. We house a team of top-notch consultants, each acting as a subject matter expert in their chosen field. As a result we provide professional recruiting services to clients and candidates in a variety of industries, functions and geographies. This expansive breadth of experience allows us, as a firm, to successfully satisfy all of your hiring/employment needs. In accordance with Canadian laws, it is the policy of Stoakley-Stewart Consultants to consider all qualified individuals for available positions without regard to race, colour, religion, sexual orientation, country of origin, age, disability etc.  What are we known for and how do we help? Helping talented professionals secure new, exciting and rewarding career opportunities Treating each unique individual with professionalism, respect and integrity Meeting your distinct needs by matching you with the right corporate culture  Privacy Policy Our Corporate systems comply with the provisions of the Personal Information Protection and Electronics Documents Act (“PIPEDA”) which became effective January 1, 2004.  Consent Policy By you (“the applicant”) submitting your resumé and/or personal information here, grant Stoakley-Stewart Consultants Ltd. (“SSC”) the right to use personal data for recruitment and selection purposes. The applicant understands that the applicant’s personal information is only collected, used and disclosed by SSC in accordance with this form or otherwise as permitted by law. The applicant authorizes SSC to collect, use and disclose their personal information in order to attempt to assist them in gaining employment with of one of SSC’s clients. For this purpose and as part of this process, the applicant authorizes SSC to take a number of steps, typically including, but not necessarily limited to Obtaining their resumé and references (and any updates thereof); Interviewing them; Producing a video-clip of them; Speaking with their references; Verifying information and performing other searches and checks, done either by SSC or by an independent agency on behalf of SSC; Evaluating information about the applicant to analyze their suitability to potential positions; Disclosing any information about the applicant as provided by the applicant, by references and by other sources to any present or future client of SSC who, based on the applicant’s qualifications, work requirements, desires and other factors and determined solely in the discretion of SSC, has or may have a position to which the applicant is or may be suited. The applicant understands that SSC will not disclose their information to a present or future client without speaking to the applicant first and receiving the applicant’s verbal consent."
124,125,2023-04-28,"Ryder System, Inc.",Supply Chain Operations Associate,Entry level,"Ingersoll, Ontario, Canada",https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/supply-chain-operations-associate-at-ryder-system-inc-3588749059?refId=m%2FlUesgQ3H7nG34nhs88zA%3D%3D&trackingId=QYsR%2FPOWtBDUuM7xk3saVQ%3D%3D&position=25&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Job Seekers can review the Job Applicant Privacy Policy by clicking HERE.  You are the driving force behind our company.  Start your career with Ryder today!  MOVE YOUR CAREER FORWARD WITH RYDER!  Join one of the largest and most recognizable names in the industry! Ryder has been named among the worlds “Most Admired Companies” by Fortune and one of “America’s Best Employers” and “America’s Best Employers for Women” by Forbes. Ryder is a Fortune 500 third party logistics company offering commercial fleet management, dedicated transportation solutions, and supply chain solutions to help industry-leading clients optimize their supply chain needs.  Summary Position does not manage WHSE or Driver team members* General Motors LLP Accounts The Material Planning Associate III will be responsible for operational functions, (General Motors LLP Account) independent decision making related to material availability and inventory control.  Schedule : M-F 3pm-11pm  Compensation : The annual salary for this position ranges from $40,000-$45,000.  Essential Functions Follow-up all purchased parts to ensure shipment and on-time delivery performance to support production requirements Serve as main point of contact for all suppliers. Provide direction to suppliers regarding ship schedule requirements and containment plan when behind schedule. Includes decision making on timing for supplier ship schedules - allowing them to push material out, pull ahead and expedite material as needed based on inventory coverage at plant Track critical parts and develop/execute containment plan to ensure no interruptions or down time to manufacturing line, inclusive of decision making on mode and required delivery window to ensure continuity of production Coordinate and/or arrange for alternative sources of material, requests for spot buys, if necessary (SPO and other GM Plants) Independent monitoring, set-up, and cancellation of truck loads for material pick-up, as necessary to support schedule variations. Ensure proper material coverage at lowest possible cost for customer Review part buffers to determine that they cover build requirements. (Metal Centers and Powertrain). Document and manage S and AV code exceptions (Assembly Plants) including Alarm Interval maintenance. Determine root-cause and take appropriate action MGO Data Maintenance. Maintain accurate inventory levels in MGO, making appropriate adjustments where necessary. Make judgments on posting inventory adjustments based on investigation and analysis. Investigate and process any record adjustment requests from the previous shift Additional Responsibilities Perform other duties as assigned Skills And Abilities Ability to create and maintain professional relationships within all levels of the organization (peers, work groups, customers, supervisors) Ability to work independently and as a member of a team Flexibility to operate and self-driven to excel in a fast-paced environment Capable of multi-tasking, highly organized, with excellent time management skills Strong organizational, problem solving and communication skills Strong verbal and written communication skills Flexible work schedule Qualifications H.S. diploma/GED required Bachelor's degree preferred One (1) year or more administrative experience preferred. preferred Five (5) years or more relevant experience strongly recommended. preferred Travel: None  DOT Regulated: No  Ryder Offers a Comprehensive Benefits Package Including Health insurance including medical, prescription, dental, and vision Life insurance and disability insurance Paid time off for vacation, illness, bereavement, family and parental leave A tax-advantaged 401K savings plan with a company match Discounted stock purchase options Performance-based annual cost of living increases Working at Ryder offers the stability of working for a Fortune 500 organization that has been in business for over 85 years with over 40,000 employees worldwide. Ryder offers opportunities for growth and professional development training. YOU are the professional representative of the Ryder organization. If you meet the qualifications and are interested in moving your career forward please APPLY NOW!  \#INDexempt  \#FB  \  Job Category: Materials Planning & Scheduling  Ryder is an equal opportunity employer. We value Diversity and Inclusion in the workplace and encourage all qualified candidates to apply including women, visible minorities, aboriginals and persons with disabilities.  In accordance with our commitment to diversity and inclusion, Ryder welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the recruitment, selection, and assessment process. Should you require an accommodation, please inform the Human Resources representative of the nature of the accommodation requested so that we may discuss your needs with you. If you require assistance in order to apply please contact us at 226-213-4040.  Ryder est un employeur offrant l’équité en matière d’emploi. Nous valorisons la diversité et l’inclusion en milieu de travail et nous encourageons tous les candidats qualifiés à postuler, y compris les femmes, les minorités visibles, les autochtones et les personnes avec un handicap. (L'emploi du genre masculin dans ce texte ne se veut pas discriminatoire et n'a pour but que de l'alléger)  Conformément à son engagement envers la diversité et l'inclusion, Ryder accueille et encourage les candidatures de personnes handicapées. Des accommodements peuvent être proposés sur demande pour les candidats qui participent à toutes les sphères du processus de recrutement, de sélection et d'évaluation. Si vous nécessitez un accommodement, veuillez informer le représentant des ressources humaines de la nature de l'accommodement souhaité afin que nous puissions discuter de vos besoins avec vous. Si vous avez besoin d'assistance pour postuler, veuillez nous appeler au 226-213-4040.  Job Seekers can review the Job Applicant Privacy Policy by clicking HERE.  \#wd"
